1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[9988,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","177","static/chunks/app/layout-d6b5cd71d4f427f2.js"],"LanguageProvider"]
3:I[2741,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","177","static/chunks/app/layout-d6b5cd71d4f427f2.js"],"Header"]
4:I[3266,[],""]
5:I[5648,[],""]
7:I[7915,[],"OutletBoundary"]
9:I[7915,[],"MetadataBoundary"]
b:I[7915,[],"ViewportBoundary"]
d:I[7429,[],""]
:HL["/_next/static/media/569ce4b8f30dc480-s.p.woff2","font",{"crossOrigin":"","type":"font/woff2"}]
:HL["/_next/static/media/93f479601ee12b01-s.p.woff2","font",{"crossOrigin":"","type":"font/woff2"}]
:HL["/_next/static/css/8801800e91eec09c.css","style"]
0:{"P":null,"b":"dwviIXdts7vuq4wegXN7c","p":"","c":["","flavours","fruity"],"i":false,"f":[[["",{"children":["flavours",{"children":[["slug","fruity","d"],{"children":["__PAGE__",{}]}]}]},"$undefined","$undefined",true],["",["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/_next/static/css/8801800e91eec09c.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}]],["$","$L2",null,{"children":["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","className":"dark","children":["$","body",null,{"className":"__variable_4d318d __variable_ea5f4b antialiased","children":[["$","$L3",null,{}],["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":[[],[["$","title",null,{"children":"404: This page could not be found."}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"fontFamily":"system-ui,\"Segoe UI\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\"Apple Color Emoji\",\"Segoe UI Emoji\"","height":"100vh","textAlign":"center","display":"flex","flexDirection":"column","alignItems":"center","justifyContent":"center"},"children":["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","style",null,{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}"}}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"next-error-h1","style":{"display":"inline-block","margin":"0 20px 0 0","padding":"0 23px 0 0","fontSize":24,"fontWeight":500,"verticalAlign":"top","lineHeight":"49px"},"children":404}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"display":"inline-block"},"children":["$","h2",null,{"style":{"fontSize":14,"fontWeight":400,"lineHeight":"49px","margin":0},"children":"This page could not be found."}]}]]}]}]]],"forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}]}]}]]}],{"children":["flavours",["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","flavours","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}],{"children":[["slug","fruity","d"],["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","flavours","children","$0:f:0:1:2:children:2:children:0","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}],{"children":["__PAGE__",["$","$1","c",{"children":["$L6",null,["$","$L7",null,{"children":"$L8"}]]}],{},null,false]},null,false]},null,false]},null,false],["$","$1","h",{"children":[null,["$","$1","_b20oLez5okAVgFuKIN64",{"children":[["$","$L9",null,{"children":"$La"}],["$","$Lb",null,{"children":"$Lc"}],["$","meta",null,{"name":"next-size-adjust","content":""}]]}]]}],false]],"m":"$undefined","G":["$d","$undefined"],"s":false,"S":true}
e:I[7602,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","703","static/chunks/app/flavours/%5Bslug%5D/page-cec5a47db737b027.js"],"CocktailCard"]
f:T48b,The Negroni Sbagliato, meaning "mistaken Negroni" in Italian, is a delightful twist on the classic Negroni. The story goes that it was accidentally created at Bar Basso in Milan in 1972, when a bartender, Mirko Stocchetto, reached for a bottle of sparkling wine instead of gin while making a Negroni. The result was a lighter, more approachable version of the beloved cocktail. The Sbagliato retains the Negroni's characteristic bitter-sweetness, but the sparkling wine adds a refreshing effervescence that softens the drink, making it ideal as an aperitivo. The substitution transforms the cocktail into a celebratory, bubbly beverage that's perfect for any occasion. While retaining the distinct flavor profile of the original, the Negroni Sbagliato presents a more playful and accessible drinking experience, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts and casual drinkers alike. Its creation is a testament to happy accidents in the world of mixology, proving that sometimes, mistakes can lead to delicious discoveries. Today, the Negroni Sbagliato continues to be a popular choice, celebrated for its simplicity, balanced flavors, and effervescent charm.10:T4f6,The Mai Tai is a quintessential tiki cocktail, born in 1944 at Trader Vic's in Oakland, California. Victor Bergeron, aka Trader Vic, created the drink for some Tahitian friends, who exclaimed "Maita'i roa a'e!" which translates to "Out of this world! – the best!" in Tahitian. The original recipe focused on showcasing the flavor of high-quality Jamaican rum, complemented by orgeat syrup, lime juice, curaçao, and simple syrup. Over time, variations emerged, often incorporating other fruit juices like pineapple and orange, which deviate from the original intent. This cocktail is all about balancing the sweetness of the syrups with the tartness of the lime and the robust character of the rums. The interplay of flavors creates a tropical escape in a glass. While its history is relatively modern compared to other classics, the Mai Tai has become an iconic symbol of tiki culture, representing relaxation, exoticism, and escapism. The drink's popularity soared in the mid-20th century, fueled by the rise of Polynesian-themed restaurants and bars. Today, it remains a beloved cocktail, though often misinterpreted and over-sweetened. A well-made Mai Tai should highlight the rum, creating a harmonious blend of flavors that transports you to a tropical paradise.11:T669,The Last Word is a pre-Prohibition era cocktail that has enjoyed a remarkable resurgence in popularity since the early 2000s. Its exact origins are somewhat debated, but it is most commonly attributed to the Detroit Athletic Club, where it was supposedly created by a vaudeville performer named Frank Fogarty sometime around 1915. The original recipe called for equal parts gin, green Chartreuse, maraschino liqueur, and lime juice, a seemingly unusual combination that somehow works in perfect harmony. For decades, the Last Word faded into obscurity, rarely appearing on cocktail menus. However, in the early 2000s, Seattle bartender Murray Stenson rediscovered the drink while researching vintage cocktail books. He added it to the menu at the Zig Zag Cafe, where it quickly gained a cult following among cocktail enthusiasts. From there, its popularity spread to bars around the world, cementing its status as a modern classic. The Last Word is prized for its unique balance of sweet, sour, herbal, and subtly bitter flavors. The gin provides a botanical base, the green Chartreuse contributes complex herbal notes and a touch of sweetness, the maraschino liqueur adds a cherry-almond aroma, and the fresh lime juice provides the necessary acidity to tie everything together. Its equal-parts construction makes it easy to remember and reproduce, further contributing to its appeal. Today, the Last Word is considered one of the most important and influential cocktails of the modern era, inspiring countless variations and adaptations. Its enduring popularity is a testament to its perfectly balanced flavor profile and its rich history.12:T55d,The Americano is a classic aperitivo cocktail that originated in Italy in the 1860s. It's believed to have been named after the Italian word for 'bitter,' 'amaro,' or perhaps due to its popularity among American tourists visiting Italy. It predates the Negroni and can be seen as its lighter, less boozy ancestor. The cocktail’s simple composition highlights the interplay between the bitter Campari, the sweet vermouth, and the refreshing soda water. It's a perfect choice for warm weather and is typically enjoyed before a meal to stimulate the appetite. The combination of Campari and sweet vermouth creates a complex flavor profile with herbal, citrus, and subtly spicy notes, while the soda water adds a pleasant effervescence. The Americano remains a popular choice in bars around the world for its refreshing quality and ease of preparation, embodying the simplicity and elegance of Italian cocktail culture. Its low alcohol content makes it an ideal choice for those seeking a lighter drink, and it’s a great option for daytime sipping. The Americano is often considered a sophisticated and refreshing alternative to stronger cocktails, appealing to a wide range of palates. Its enduring popularity demonstrates its timeless appeal as a simple, flavorful, and balanced drink. It is typically garnished with an orange peel, however a lemon peel can also be used.13:T44b,The Old Cuban is a sophisticated sparkling cocktail that bridges the gap between a classic Daiquiri and a French 75. Created in 2004 by renowned mixologist Audrey Saunders at the Pegu Club in New York City, it quickly gained popularity for its balanced flavors and elegant presentation. It is crafted with aged rum, fresh lime juice, simple syrup, mint, Angostura bitters, and topped with sparkling wine. The aged rum provides a rich, complex base, while the lime juice and simple syrup create a harmonious sweet and sour balance. Fresh mint adds an aromatic lift, and Angostura bitters contribute depth and complexity. The sparkling wine adds effervescence and a celebratory touch, elevating the cocktail to a more sophisticated level than a traditional Daiquiri. It is typically served in a coupe glass and garnished with a mint sprig. The Old Cuban is a refreshing and flavorful cocktail that is perfect for any occasion, embodying a modern classic with a nod to tradition. Its balance of sweet, sour, and herbal notes, combined with the bubbly texture, makes it an enjoyable and memorable drink.14:T4bb,The Pimm's Cup is a quintessential British summer cocktail, celebrated for its refreshing and complex flavor profile. Created in the 1840s by James Pimm at his oyster bar in London, Pimm's No. 1 was initially intended as a digestive aid. Over time, it evolved into a popular mixed drink, particularly enjoyed at social events like Wimbledon and garden parties. The exact recipe for Pimm's No. 1 remains a closely guarded secret, but it is known to be gin-based and infused with a blend of herbs, spices, and fruit extracts. A classic Pimm's Cup typically combines Pimm's No. 1 with lemonade (often carbonated), various fresh fruits (such as oranges, strawberries, and cucumber), and herbs like mint or borage. The drink's appeal lies in its balance of sweetness, bitterness, and herbal notes, making it both refreshing and sophisticated. There are many regional variations, including the addition of ginger ale or sparkling wine for extra fizz. Its enduring popularity is a testament to its versatility and its ability to evoke the spirit of British summertime. The Pimm's Cup has become more than just a drink; it's a cultural icon, synonymous with warm weather, leisurely afternoons, and convivial gatherings.15:T4f9,The Tequila Sunrise is a classic cocktail known for its vibrant appearance and refreshing flavor profile. The drink's visual appeal, resembling a sunrise with layered colors, contributes significantly to its popularity. It is believed to have originated in the early 1970s at the Trident Bar in Sausalito, California, attributed to bartenders Bobby Lozoff and Billy Rice. The original recipe included tequila, lime juice, crème de cassis, and soda water. The modern version, popularized by the Rolling Stones in 1972, substitutes orange juice for lime juice and grenadine for crème de cassis. This adaptation made the drink sweeter and easier to produce consistently. The Tequila Sunrise gained further prominence in the 1970s due to its association with the Eagles' song 'Tequila Sunrise,' solidifying its place in popular culture. The combination of sweet orange juice, smooth tequila, and the splash of grenadine makes for an easy-drinking and visually appealing cocktail. It is typically served in a tall glass, allowing the sunrise effect to be fully appreciated. The Tequila Sunrise is often enjoyed as a brunch cocktail or a light and refreshing drink on a warm day. Its simplicity and iconic status have made it a popular choice at bars and restaurants worldwide.16:T4e4,The Breakfast Martini, created by Salvatore Calabrese in 1990s, isn't your typical morning cocktail; it's an anytime sophisticated sipper. Inspired by his wife's love of marmalade on toast, Calabrese ingeniously translated that breakfast staple into a cocktail. The key is orange marmalade, which is not merely an ingredient but the soul of the drink. It provides a bittersweet citrus note that's both familiar and intriguing. Paired with gin, lemon juice, and a dash of orange liqueur, the Breakfast Martini strikes a delightful balance between sweet, sour, and boozy. The gin offers a botanical complexity that complements the marmalade's citrus notes. The lemon juice adds a necessary tartness, cutting through the sweetness and brightening the overall flavor. A touch of orange liqueur elevates the citrus profile, adding depth and aromatics. The Breakfast Martini stands as a testament to Calabrese's creativity and mastery of cocktail crafting. It's a drink that manages to be both comforting and elegant, making it a perfect choice for those seeking a unique and memorable cocktail experience. It's a modern classic that has found its place on cocktail menus worldwide, appreciated for its innovative flavor combination and its intriguing story.17:T424,The Stinger is a classic after-dinner cocktail known for its simple yet effective combination of spirit and mint. Its origins are debated, but it gained popularity in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, often associated with high society. The drink's simplicity made it a favorite in exclusive clubs and establishments. The Stinger experienced a resurgence in popularity in the mid-20th century, often featured in movies and books, solidifying its place in cocktail culture. The combination of cognac and crème de menthe offers a refreshing contrast, with the warmth of the cognac balanced by the cool, minty liqueur. Variations include using different base spirits like brandy or whiskey, but the classic Stinger remains a timeless choice for those seeking a sophisticated and refreshing drink. It continues to be enjoyed as a digestif or a palate cleanser after a meal, cherished for its simplicity and elegant flavor profile. Today, the Stinger continues to be a cocktail that has stood the test of time and can be enjoyed across different generations.18:T47c,Fish House Punch is a potent and historic American punch, traditionally associated with the State in Schuylkill fishing club near Philadelphia. Its exact origins are somewhat murky, but it's believed to date back to the early 18th century, possibly even earlier. The club, known for its convivial gatherings and dedication to angling, is credited with creating and popularizing the punch. The original recipe was a closely guarded secret, passed down through generations of club members. Over time, variations emerged, but the core components remained consistent: rum, cognac, peach brandy, citrus, and sugar. The punch was often served at elaborate feasts and social events hosted by the club, becoming a symbol of hospitality and camaraderie. Its reputation spread throughout the colonies and eventually across the United States. Fish House Punch is more than just a cocktail; it's a piece of American history, a testament to the traditions of early American social clubs and their contribution to the development of cocktail culture. Its enduring appeal lies in its complex flavor profile and its ability to bring people together in celebration.19:T47d,The Singapore Sling is a complex and iconic cocktail originating from the Raffles Hotel in Singapore. Created around 1915 by bartender Ngiam Tong Boon, it was initially conceived as a gin-based drink for women, offering a socially acceptable way for them to consume alcohol in public. The original recipe was a closely guarded secret, leading to numerous variations over the years. The Sling's popularity quickly spread, becoming a symbol of Singapore's colonial charm and a must-try for visitors. Its appeal lies in its balanced blend of sweet, sour, and fruity flavors, complemented by the subtle complexity of gin and liqueurs. The modern interpretations often include cherry brandy, Cointreau, and Benedictine, contributing to its distinctive taste and vibrant pink hue. Today, the Singapore Sling remains a beloved classic, celebrated for its rich history and refreshing character, embodying the spirit of its birthplace. Despite variations, the core elements of gin, cherry liqueur, and tropical fruit flavors endure, ensuring its timeless appeal. The drink is designed to be a balanced and refreshing combination of gin, fruit, and sweetness.1a:T436,Agua de Valencia is a refreshing and potent Spanish cocktail originating from Valencia. Its history begins in 1959 at the Cafe Madrid in Valencia, where regulars challenged the owner, Constante Gil, to create something new and exciting. Gil experimented and eventually concocted this blend of orange juice, cava (Spanish sparkling wine), vodka, and gin. Initially, it was exclusively served at the cafe, but its popularity quickly spread throughout Valencia and beyond. Today, it's a staple in many bars and households in Spain, particularly during festive occasions. The drink is typically served in large pitchers or jugs and shared among friends, embodying the convivial spirit of Spanish culture. Its vibrant color and citrusy aroma make it an appealing and festive choice. While the original recipe remains somewhat guarded, the core components are well-known, and many variations exist, with some bartenders adding a touch of simple syrup or other liqueurs to further customize the flavor profile. Be mindful of its high alcohol content and ensure responsible consumption.1b:T446,The Sherry Cobbler is a classic cocktail with a rich history, dating back to the early 19th century. It gained immense popularity in the United States during the 1830s and 1840s, becoming a ubiquitous drink in bars and homes alike. Its appeal stemmed from its refreshing nature, ease of preparation, and the versatility offered by using different types of sherry. Often served in a tall glass filled with shaved ice and adorned with an array of fresh fruit, the Sherry Cobbler was as much a visual delight as it was a flavorful one. It was one of the first mixed drinks to be enjoyed through a straw. Historical accounts suggest that the Sherry Cobbler was a favorite of prominent figures, further cementing its status as a sophisticated and fashionable beverage. Over time, the Sherry Cobbler's popularity waned, but it has experienced a resurgence in recent years as bartenders and cocktail enthusiasts rediscover classic recipes and appreciate the drink's unique qualities. Its enduring appeal lies in its simplicity, elegance, and the delightful combination of sherry, sweetness, and fruit.1c:T4a1,The Rabo-de-galo, or "rooster's tail," is a classic Brazilian cocktail known for its simplicity and potent flavor. It is a staple in bars throughout Brazil and is often enjoyed as an aperitif or digestif. The drink's name likely refers to the multicolored pattern formed when the ingredients are mixed, resembling the tail feathers of a rooster. Traditionally, it is made with cachaça, a spirit distilled from sugarcane juice, and sweet vermouth. Some variations may include Cynar or other bitter liqueurs to add complexity. It is similar in concept to a Manhattan or Rob Roy, substituting cachaça for whiskey or scotch. The Rabo-de-galo is a testament to Brazil's rich drinking culture and highlights the versatility of cachaça in mixed drinks. Its straightforward preparation makes it accessible to both experienced bartenders and home enthusiasts. The key is the quality of cachaça used; a well-made cachaça will elevate the cocktail, showcasing the nuances of Brazilian sugarcane. While simple in its composition, the Rabo-de-galo offers a balance of sweetness, bitterness, and alcoholic strength that is both satisfying and refreshing, embodying the vibrant spirit of Brazil.1d:T437,The Whiskey Smash is a refreshing and adaptable cocktail with roots in the 19th century. It's essentially a whiskey-based sour with the addition of muddled mint and seasonal fruit, offering a vibrant and aromatic experience. Its simplicity allows for easy customization; different fruits, herbs, and sweeteners can be used to create variations that suit individual tastes. The drink is often served over crushed ice, which further enhances its cooling qualities, making it a popular choice for warm weather. Its historical significance lies in its representation of early American cocktail culture, where fresh ingredients were combined with spirits to create flavorful and accessible drinks. The Whiskey Smash exemplifies this tradition, offering a balanced blend of sweetness, tartness, and herbal notes that continues to appeal to modern palates. The versatility of the Smash also means it has evolved over time, with bartenders experimenting with different types of whiskey, fruits, and sweeteners to create unique variations while maintaining the core elements of the drink.1e:T4a0,Glögg, a traditional mulled wine from Scandinavia, is a cherished beverage during the Christmas season. Its history traces back to medieval times when spiced wine was used as a preservative and medicinal drink. Over centuries, Glögg evolved into a festive concoction, symbolizing warmth and hospitality. The precise blend of spices varies by region and family tradition, often including cinnamon, cardamom, cloves, and ginger. Raisins and almonds are common additions, infusing the wine with sweetness and texture. The drink is heated gently, allowing the flavors to meld together, creating a comforting and aromatic experience. Served warm in small mugs, Glögg is often accompanied by gingerbread cookies or saffron buns, further enhancing the festive spirit. It represents a time for gathering with loved ones, sharing stories, and celebrating traditions that have been passed down through generations. Glögg's enduring popularity reflects its ability to evoke a sense of nostalgia and create a convivial atmosphere during the darkest and coldest months of the year. Variations exist throughout Scandinavia, with some recipes including port wine or aquavit for added complexity.1f:T454,The Porn Star Martini, created in 2002 by Douglas Ankrah at LAB Bar in London, is a modern classic known for its vibrant flavors and theatrical presentation. Ankrah aimed to create a drink that was both sexy and fun, reflected in its name and the ritualistic serving of a shot of Prosecco alongside the cocktail. The drink's popularity quickly spread, making it a staple in bars worldwide. The combination of vanilla vodka, passion fruit puree, passion fruit liqueur, and a hint of lime offers a balance of sweet, sour, and tropical notes. The accompanying Prosecco shot is intended to be sipped before the cocktail to cleanse the palate or after, to complement and enhance the overall experience. Its widespread appeal lies in its refreshing taste, visually appealing presentation, and the playful indulgence it represents, making it a favorite for celebratory occasions and a symbol of contemporary cocktail culture. The cocktail embodies a modern approach to mixology by building a multi-sensory experience, it is meant to evoke a feeling of luxury and excitement, contributing to its enduring popularity.20:T4c9,The Ramos Gin Fizz, also known as the New Orleans Fizz, is a classic cocktail renowned for its creamy texture, complex flavors, and elaborate preparation. Created in 1888 by Henry C. Ramos at his bar, the Imperial Cabinet Saloon, in New Orleans, it quickly gained popularity and became a signature drink of the city. The key to a proper Ramos Gin Fizz is the vigorous shaking, traditionally lasting for an extended period, often involving multiple bartenders to share the task. This intense shaking emulsifies the egg white and dairy, creating a frothy and velvety smooth texture. The combination of gin, citrus, cream, egg white, orange flower water, and soda water results in a harmonious blend of flavors – floral, citrusy, sweet, and slightly tart. The orange flower water imparts a delicate floral aroma that is characteristic of the drink. The addition of soda water at the end creates a light and effervescent quality. The Ramos Gin Fizz is a testament to the creativity and craftsmanship of classic cocktail making, demanding attention to detail and a dedication to achieving the perfect balance of flavors and textures. It remains a beloved cocktail, cherished for its unique character and historical significance.21:T482,The Bellini is a classic Italian cocktail that originated in Venice at Harry's Bar in 1948. It was created by Giuseppe Cipriani, the founder of the bar, who named it after the Venetian painter Giovanni Bellini, as the drink's unique pink color reminded him of the painter's use of color. The cocktail is a simple mix of Prosecco and peach purée. Traditionally, white peach purée is used, which gives the Bellini its signature delicate flavor and pale pink hue. The use of Prosecco, a sparkling wine from the Veneto region of Italy, adds a touch of elegance and celebratory fizz. While the Bellini is traditionally served as an aperitivo, it is also a popular brunch cocktail. The combination of sweet peach and sparkling wine makes it a light and refreshing choice. Variations exist, with some using peach nectar or other fruit purées, but the classic recipe remains the most cherished. The Bellini has become a symbol of Venetian culture and is enjoyed worldwide as a symbol of Italian elegance and the art of simple, high-quality ingredients. Its delicate sweetness and effervescence make it a perfect drink for celebrations or a relaxing afternoon.22:T42d,The Macuá is considered the national drink of Nicaragua. Named after a tropical bird native to the country, it is a refreshing and vibrant cocktail that embodies the spirit of Nicaragua. The drink gained popularity relatively recently, solidifying its status as a modern classic. Its creation is often attributed to bartenders seeking a signature drink that highlighted local ingredients. The Macuá cleverly combines Nicaraguan rum with guava juice, lime juice, and simple syrup, creating a balance of sweet, tart, and fruity flavors. The cocktail's appeal lies in its simplicity and refreshing character, making it a perfect choice for warm climates. The combination of rum and guava creates a unique tropical flavor profile that is both familiar and exciting. Garnished with a slice of orange or plantain chip, the Macuá is visually appealing and adds to the overall sensory experience. Its refreshing character and ease of preparation have contributed to its increasing popularity in bars and restaurants worldwide, securing its place as a beloved modern classic.23:T41e,The Airmail cocktail is a classic sparkling cocktail that evokes a sense of celebration and luxury. Its origins are traced back to Havana, Cuba, likely appearing in the 1930s, a period marked by glamorous travel and the golden age of cocktail culture. The combination of rum, lime juice, simple syrup, and sparkling wine creates a balanced and refreshing drink, reminiscent of warm tropical breezes and elegant soirées. Its light, effervescent quality makes it a perfect choice for brunch, afternoon gatherings, or any occasion that calls for a touch of sophistication. While its precise creator remains a mystery, the Airmail cocktail's enduring appeal is a testament to its simplicity and delicious flavor profile. It captures the essence of Cuban cocktail traditions, blending local rum with European sparkling wine, reflecting the cultural exchange and cosmopolitan atmosphere of pre-revolutionary Cuba. Over the years, the Airmail has found its way into countless cocktail books and bars around the world, cementing its status as a beloved classic.24:T413,The Spritzer is a refreshing and versatile cocktail known for its simplicity and effervescence. Its origins can be traced back to the 19th century in Austria and Germany, where it was initially created as a way to dilute strong wines with sparkling water. The name "Spritzer" comes from the German word "spritzen," meaning "to splash" or "to squirt," referring to the addition of sparkling water to wine. Over time, the Spritzer evolved from a simple wine and water mixture to a customizable cocktail with endless variations. The basic recipe typically includes wine (usually white or rosé), sparkling water or club soda, and optional additions like fruit slices, herbs, or liqueurs. Its appeal lies in its light and airy character, making it a perfect choice for warm weather gatherings, casual brunches, or as an aperitif. The Spritzer's customizable nature allows for endless creativity, catering to different tastes and preferences. It remains a timeless and beloved cocktail, celebrated for its simplicity, refreshment, and adaptability.25:T434,The Wolfram is a modern classic cocktail, a sophisticated and potent drink designed for those who appreciate the complexity of well-balanced flavors. It marries the boldness of rye whiskey with the sweetness of Cherry Heering and the herbal complexity of Benedictine, all brightened by the zest of lemon juice and a dash of Angostura bitters. This combination results in a multi-layered taste experience that is both satisfying and intriguing. While its exact origin and 'historical reference' are currently unverified in published cocktail books, this drink showcases the possibilities of modern mixology techniques. The Wolfram is appreciated by cocktail enthusiasts who enjoy exploring new flavor combinations beyond the traditional classics, demonstrating a contemporary approach to cocktail craftsmanship. It’s a drink that encourages sipping and contemplation, offering a flavorful journey with each taste. Its balance of strong spirit, herbal liqueur, and sweet cherry elements makes it perfect as an after-dinner drink or a sophisticated indulgence for any occasion.26:T51d,Grog, a historical drink deeply rooted in naval tradition, emerged as a practical solution to preserve sailors' health and morale during long voyages. Originally, sailors were given a daily ration of rum, but its high strength led to issues of drunkenness and insubordination. In 1740, Vice Admiral Edward Vernon of the British Royal Navy, nicknamed 'Old Grog' for his grogram coat, ordered that the rum be diluted with water. This measure aimed to reduce intoxication and improve discipline. Over time, the basic recipe was adapted, with additions of citrus juice to combat scurvy, and sugar to enhance palatability. The resulting concoction, known as 'Grog,' became a staple on naval ships. The combination of rum, water, citrus, and sugar offered a rudimentary but effective way to hydrate, provide vitamin C, and boost morale in the harsh maritime environment. Today, Grog continues to be enjoyed, often with variations that reflect personal taste and regional preferences. It stands as a testament to the resourcefulness and practicality of naval life in the age of sail, a tangible link to the traditions and challenges faced by sailors of the past. Its enduring appeal lies in its simplicity, adaptability, and historical significance as a beverage that sustained and fortified seafarers for centuries.27:T4f6,The Monkey Gland cocktail is a pre-Prohibition era drink created by Harry MacElhone at Harry's New York Bar in Paris. Its suggestive name, alluding to rejuvenation therapies of the time, contrasts with its bright and citrusy flavor profile. Despite the eyebrow-raising moniker, the Monkey Gland is a well-balanced cocktail, showcasing the interplay of gin, orange juice, grenadine, and absinthe. The absinthe provides a subtle anise note, adding depth and intrigue to the drink. Grenadine adds sweetness and color, while fresh orange juice brings a necessary tartness. Although the unusual name might deter some, the Monkey Gland remains a testament to the creativity and boldness of early 20th-century cocktail culture. The drink's enduring popularity is a reflection of its palatable flavor profile and historical significance. It offers a glimpse into a time when cocktail names were less constrained and more playful, often referencing current events or societal trends. The Monkey Gland stands as a reminder that a memorable name, combined with a satisfying taste, can secure a cocktail's place in history. It's a conversation starter and a surprisingly approachable drink, perfect for those looking to explore classic cocktails with a touch of historical intrigue.28:T4ad,The Sex on the Beach is a fruity and vibrant cocktail that gained popularity in the 1980s. Its origins are somewhat debated, but it is commonly believed to have been created as a marketing ploy in Florida. Bartenders were challenged to sell vodka and peach schnapps, and the name was designed to attract tourists by evoking the imagery of spring break. The cocktail is characterized by its blend of vodka, peach schnapps, cranberry juice, and orange juice, resulting in a sweet and tangy flavor profile that appeals to a wide range of palates. The combination of these ingredients creates a visually appealing drink with a reddish-orange hue. It's often associated with vacation and carefree fun. While not a sophisticated cocktail, its simplicity and refreshing nature have contributed to its enduring popularity and presence on cocktail menus worldwide. The drink is easy to make and customize, allowing for variations in sweetness and fruitiness to suit individual preferences. The Sex on the Beach remains a popular choice for casual gatherings and is appreciated for its nostalgic appeal and easy-drinking character. Its sweet and fruity flavor makes it a perfect choice on a warm summer day.29:T5bd,The Paloma is a refreshing and simple cocktail that hails from Mexico, offering a delightful balance of sweetness, tartness, and a hint of bitterness. While its exact origins are debated, it's widely believed to have been created in the town of Tequila, Mexico, sometime in the 1950s. Some attribute it to Don Javier Delgado Corona, the legendary owner and bartender of La Capilla, a famous bar in Tequila, though concrete evidence remains elusive. The name 'Paloma,' meaning 'dove' in Spanish, adds to the drink's light and airy feel. Traditionally, the Paloma is made with tequila, grapefruit soda (such as Jarritos or Squirt), and lime juice, served over ice with a salt rim. The grapefruit soda provides both sweetness and a distinctive citrusy tang, while the lime juice adds a necessary sour counterpoint. The salt enhances the overall flavor profile, accentuating the sweetness and mitigating any perceived bitterness from the grapefruit. While the Paloma is often overshadowed by its more famous cousin, the Margarita, it is exceptionally popular in Mexico, offering a less sweet and more nuanced alternative. Bartenders are now experimenting with fresh grapefruit juice and agave nectar to provide a sophisticated spin on the classic recipe. Today, the Paloma is enjoyed worldwide as a refreshing and easy-to-make cocktail, perfect for warm weather and casual gatherings. It represents the essence of Mexican hospitality and the vibrant flavors of its culture.2a:T421,The Mimosa is a simple yet elegant cocktail consisting of equal parts Champagne and chilled citrus juice, usually orange juice. It is a popular choice for brunch, weddings, and other celebratory occasions. Its light, refreshing flavor and festive presentation make it a perennial favorite. The combination of sparkling wine and fruit juice creates a delightful balance of sweetness and acidity. The Mimosa is known for its simplicity and ease of preparation, requiring no special equipment or techniques. Its vibrant color and bubbly texture enhance its appeal, making it a visually appealing and enjoyable drink. The Mimosa's versatility allows for variations with different fruit juices, such as grapefruit, pineapple, or cranberry, offering a range of flavor profiles. The drink's low alcohol content makes it a suitable choice for daytime gatherings or events where guests prefer a lighter beverage. The Mimosa's widespread popularity has solidified its place as a classic cocktail, enjoyed around the world for its celebratory and refreshing qualities.2b:T400,The Sea Breeze is a classic highball cocktail known for its simplicity and refreshing taste. It's a variation of the Cape Codder (vodka and cranberry juice), with the addition of grapefruit juice, resulting in a slightly tart and more complex flavor profile. The Sea Breeze gained popularity in the mid-20th century as vodka became increasingly prevalent in American cocktail culture. Its appeal lies in its ease of preparation and its light, crisp character, making it a perfect choice for warm weather or casual gatherings. The combination of cranberry and grapefruit juice offers a balance of sweet and sour notes, while the vodka provides the necessary alcoholic kick. It is easy to customize and is a base to many similar cocktails. The simplicity of the ingredients allows for easy modifications, such as using different types of juice or adding other spirits to create unique variations. Its vibrant color and refreshing taste make it a visually appealing and enjoyable drink, contributing to its enduring popularity.2c:T58e,Curaçao Punch is a vibrant and flavorful cocktail with a rich history, often associated with celebratory occasions. Its roots trace back to the early days of punch-making, where spirits were combined with citrus, spices, and sweeteners to create communal drinks. The use of Curaçao liqueur, derived from the laraha citrus fruit grown on the island of Curaçao, distinguishes this punch, imparting a distinctive orange flavor and often a blue hue. Recipes for Curaçao Punch vary widely, reflecting regional and personal preferences, but typically include a base of rum and/or cognac, complemented by citrus juices (lemon, lime, or orange), sugar or syrup for sweetness, and aromatic spices like nutmeg or cinnamon. The punch is then diluted with water, soda water, or sparkling wine to achieve the desired strength and effervescence. Historically, punches were served in large bowls and shared among guests, symbolizing hospitality and camaraderie. Curaçao Punch embodies this spirit, offering a delightful blend of flavors that is both refreshing and sophisticated. Its colorful appearance and balanced taste make it a popular choice for parties and gatherings, adding a touch of elegance and festivity to any event. Modern variations may incorporate additional liqueurs, fruit garnishes, or creative twists on the classic recipe, but the core elements of citrus, spice, and Curaçao remain essential to its character.2d:T5e3,The French Connection is a simple yet sophisticated cocktail that showcases the harmonious blend of cognac and amaretto. Its name evokes a sense of European elegance and intrigue. The drink is appreciated for its smooth, nutty, and subtly sweet flavor profile, making it a popular choice as an after-dinner digestif or a sophisticated nightcap. The exact origin of the French Connection cocktail remains somewhat mysterious, with no definitive historical record pinpointing its creation. However, it gained prominence in the 1970s, likely capitalizing on the popularity of the film 'The French Connection' released in 1971, although the movie has no direct connection to the cocktail itself. The film's gritty, stylish depiction of international crime may have lent an air of cosmopolitan sophistication to the drink, boosting its appeal. While its backstory may be vague, the French Connection cocktail has endured as a classic combination, demonstrating the timeless appeal of well-balanced and flavorful spirits. Its enduring popularity lies in its simplicity and the complementary nature of its two primary ingredients. Cognac brings warmth, complexity, and a hint of fruitiness, while amaretto adds a distinctive almond-like sweetness that enhances the overall experience. This combination offers a delightful contrast and a harmonious balance that appeals to a wide range of palates. This drink is a testament to how simplicity can often lead to the most satisfying and memorable cocktail experiences.2e:T497,The Clover Club is a classic pre-Prohibition cocktail that originated at the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel in Philadelphia. It was named after the Clover Club Society, a group of lawyers, writers, and other professionals who met in the hotel's bar. The drink gained popularity in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and was known for its delicate balance of sweet, sour, and slightly tart flavors, along with its distinctive foamy texture from the egg white. While the Clover Club's popularity waned after Prohibition, it has experienced a resurgence in recent years thanks to the renewed interest in classic cocktails. Modern mixologists appreciate its elegant simplicity and the opportunity to showcase high-quality ingredients. The cocktail represents a piece of cocktail history, a time when drinks were crafted with fresh ingredients and attention to detail. Its balanced profile and attractive appearance make it a favorite among those who appreciate sophisticated and flavorful concoctions. The Clover Club is a testament to the enduring appeal of well-made cocktails that stand the test of time, offering a glimpse into the past while remaining relevant in the present.2f:T4f0,The Fluffy Duck is a rich, decadent cocktail known for its creamy texture and sweet, dessert-like flavor profile. It is a concoction that blends gin, Advocaat, white crème de cacao, fresh cream, and a touch of fizz. The combination results in a drink that is both comforting and indulgent, making it a popular choice for those with a sweet tooth or as an after-dinner treat. Its origins can be traced back to the 1970s, gaining popularity for its unique blend of textures and flavors. It is a testament to the era's experimental approach to mixology, focusing on creating enjoyable and memorable drinking experiences. Although relatively simple to prepare, the Fluffy Duck requires careful balancing of ingredients to achieve the desired velvety smoothness and sweetness. It is typically served in a coupe or cocktail glass, often without garnish to showcase its creamy appearance. This cocktail represents a departure from more traditional, spirit-forward drinks, embracing a sweeter, more approachable profile. It caters to a palate that enjoys creamy, dessert-like cocktails and is perfect for special occasions or casual gatherings. The cocktail is often linked with the Dutch spirit Advocaat, which contributes significantly to its unique flavor and texture.30:T50c,The Angel Face is a classic equal-parts cocktail featuring gin, apricot brandy, and apple brandy (Calvados). It's a potent and somewhat challenging drink due to the interplay of the three strong spirits and the distinct flavors of apricot and apple. Its origins are a bit murky, but it gained popularity in the early 20th century, particularly in cocktail books of the era. Some credit Harry Craddock of the Savoy Hotel in London for its creation or popularization, though it appeared in earlier publications as well. The Angel Face offers a floral and fruity experience, balanced by the dryness of gin and the subtle spice of brandy. It's considered a somewhat 'forgotten' classic, often overlooked due to its assertive flavor profile, but appreciated by those who enjoy complex, spirit-forward drinks. The drink requires precision as the equal parts can easily become unbalanced. A good Angel Face is a testament to the balance and interplay of the components, creating a unique blend of botanical, fruit, and spice notes. The combination of the dry gin with the sweet and tart notes from the apricot and apple brandies creates a nuanced and surprisingly delightful cocktail. It's an excellent drink for exploring the range of flavors that can be achieved with seemingly simple ingredients.31:T404,The Blueberry Tea cocktail is a warm and comforting drink, despite its name containing neither tea nor blueberries. It is a derivative of coffee cocktails, designed to deliver a similar soothing experience with a distinct flavor profile. The cocktail relies on the amaretto to provide a rich, nutty base. The orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, adds a citrusy sweetness that complements the amaretto and enhances the overall aroma. Combining these with the warming sensation from the hot water mimics the experience of drinking a fragrant, non-alcoholic herbal tea. It is often enjoyed during colder months and is a popular choice in bars and restaurants as a sophisticated and flavorful hot beverage alternative. The cocktail is not intensely alcoholic, which makes it a perfect option for individuals looking for a flavorful drink without a high alcohol content. The simplicity of its components makes it very easy to reproduce and customize at home, and its flavors are generally perceived as sweet, nutty and lightly citrusy.32:T40c,The Amaretto Sour is a cocktail that showcases the unique flavor of amaretto liqueur. While its exact origins are debated, it gained popularity in the 1970s and 1980s as a sweet and easy-to-drink option. The modern resurgence focuses on balancing the sweetness with fresh lemon juice and egg white for a smoother texture and more complex flavor profile. The addition of bitters further enhances the drink's complexity. It is a sour-style cocktail, modified to accentuate the nutty and almond-like notes of the amaretto. The drink provides an interplay between the sweet almond, citrus, and slight bitterness that is enhanced through the balance of ingredients and preparation, appealing to those who enjoy a sweet-and-sour flavor combination. The use of egg white adds a velvety texture, elevating the overall drinking experience and providing a rich mouthfeel that complements the other ingredients. Garnishing with a lemon peel and cherry provides visual appeal and aromatic elements that contribute to the overall sensory experience.33:T412,The Delilah cocktail is a relatively modern creation that balances the dryness of gin with the sweetness of apricot liqueur and the tartness of lemon juice. The addition of Lillet Blanc contributes floral and honeyed notes, enhancing the drink's complexity. It's typically served in a coupe glass and garnished with a lemon twist or brandied cherry. Its exact origins are somewhat obscure, lacking definitive historical records. It is not directly associated with a particular bartender or bar, but rather seems to have emerged as a popular recipe in contemporary cocktail circles. The balance between gin, liqueur, and citrus makes it a refreshing yet sophisticated choice. The Delilah is an excellent example of a cocktail that showcases how classic ingredients can be combined to create a new and appealing flavor profile. It's a good choice for gin lovers looking for something a little different from the standard gin and tonic or martini, offering a sweeter, more approachable profile while still maintaining a degree of sophistication.34:T50a,The Long Island Iced Tea is a potent cocktail that, despite its name, contains no tea. Its creation is often attributed to Robert "Rosebud" Butt in 1972 at the Oak Beach Inn on Long Island, New York. Butt concocted the drink as an entry in a contest to create a new mixed drink using triple sec. The drink quickly gained popularity due to its deceivingly sweet taste, which masks its high alcohol content. The combination of multiple spirits makes it a strong drink, while the addition of cola gives it the appearance of iced tea. Today, the Long Island Iced Tea is a popular choice in bars and restaurants worldwide, known for its strength and its ability to deliver a considerable alcoholic punch. Variations of the drink exist, but the core components of vodka, gin, rum, tequila, triple sec, and a sour mix remain consistent. The Long Island Iced Tea is a testament to the art of mixology, where seemingly disparate ingredients can come together to create a uniquely palatable and potent beverage. It is often enjoyed during social gatherings, parties, and casual nights out. The drink's popularity has solidified its place as a modern classic in the world of cocktails. As an additional point, some modern variations use simple syrup instead of coca cola and a lemon wedge for garnish.35:T4b6,The Incredible Hulk, also known as the Green-Eyed Monster, is a vibrant and potent cocktail known for its striking green hue and powerful flavor profile. This drink gained popularity in the early 2000s and is commonly attributed to celebrity endorsements. The cocktail is a relatively modern creation, deviating from classic cocktail recipes. It combines the sophistication of Cognac with the clean potency of vodka. It's designed to be visually appealing with a strong flavor that balances sweetness and booziness. The drink is named for its resemblance to the fictional superhero, emphasizing its powerful nature. While not a sophisticated cocktail in the traditional sense, it holds popularity in modern bars due to its simplicity and eye-catching appearance. It is often enjoyed in social settings due to its vibrant color and strong impact. Its simplicity makes it easy to reproduce even without extensive mixology skills. The flavor profile is aimed toward a sweeter taste, which appeals to a broad consumer segment. It is a relatively high-alcohol cocktail and is intended for responsible consumption. The drink is usually ordered based on its name and color rather than the complex flavor elements.36:T43a,Jagertee, also known as Hüttentee, is a traditional Austrian spirit, a warming and potent concoction perfect for cold mountain evenings. It's a staple in ski resorts and alpine huts, known for its ability to quickly warm the body and lift the spirits. The drink typically combines a blend of black tea, red wine, and a mixture of potent spirits and liqueurs, infused with spices and fruit. Each family or establishment often holds its own secret recipe, resulting in slight variations in flavor and potency. Jagertee is more than just a drink; it's an integral part of the Austrian alpine culture, embodying warmth, conviviality, and the spirit of the mountains. It's often enjoyed during après-ski, offering a comforting and invigorating end to a day on the slopes. While recipes may vary, the core elements of strong spirits, spiced tea, and warming fruit notes remain consistent, ensuring a robust and flavorful experience. Jagertee is typically served hot, releasing its aromatic spices and allowing the alcohol to mingle harmoniously, creating a uniquely satisfying beverage.37:T464,The Flaming Volcano is a potent and visually stunning tiki cocktail, typically served in a communal bowl designed to resemble a volcano. Its origins are often attributed to tiki bars of the mid-20th century, like Don the Beachcomber or Trader Vic's, although a definitive origin story remains elusive. The drink is characterized by its blend of multiple rums, brandy, and tropical fruit juices, resulting in a sweet, strong, and complex flavor profile. The 'flaming' aspect is achieved by soaking a sugar cube in high-proof alcohol and setting it alight, creating a dramatic and theatrical presentation. This cocktail is meant for sharing and embodies the spirit of tiki culture: exotic flavors, strong spirits, and a sense of convivial celebration. It's often served with long straws, encouraging guests to partake together in this fiery concoction. The flaming element is a key part of the experience, adding warmth and visual appeal, while the combination of sweet and strong elements makes it a memorable and potent drink. The Flaming Volcano exemplifies the escapism and adventure that tiki cocktails sought to provide.38:T520,The Margarita is arguably the most popular tequila-based cocktail in the world. Its refreshing blend of tequila, lime juice, and orange liqueur has made it a staple at bars and restaurants globally. The exact origin of the Margarita is debated, with several individuals claiming to have invented it during the 1930s and 1940s. One story attributes it to Marjorie King, a Ziegfeld dancer who was allergic to all spirits except tequila, but also disliked taking tequila straight. Carlos "Danny" Herrera supposedly created the drink for her at his Tijuana restaurant, Rancho La Gloria, in 1938. Another tale suggests that it was invented by Margaret Sames, a wealthy socialite, in Acapulco in 1948, who named the drink after herself. Regardless of its true origin, the Margarita gained widespread popularity in the mid-20th century, becoming a favorite in the United States and beyond. The classic recipe calls for equal parts tequila, Cointreau (or another orange liqueur), and lime juice, but variations abound. The Margarita's simple yet balanced flavor profile makes it incredibly versatile, lending itself to countless variations, including frozen Margaritas, fruit-flavored Margaritas, and spicy Margaritas. It is usually served in a salt-rimmed glass, enhancing the flavors and providing a textural contrast.39:T4a0,The Porchcrawler is a potent and refreshing cocktail known for its deceptively easy-drinking nature. It's a blend of white rum, gin, vodka, lemon juice, and simple syrup, creating a sweet and sour concoction that can quickly sneak up on you. The drink's name suggests its ability to render one unable to walk straight after consumption, hinting at its high alcohol content. Its precise origins are somewhat murky, but it likely emerged as a backyard experiment among those seeking a strong and flavorful cocktail. The Porchcrawler embodies the spirit of carefree summer days and convivial gatherings, making it a popular choice for outdoor events and casual get-togethers. Despite its potent alcoholic composition, the blend of citrus and sweetness makes it surprisingly palatable, masking the strength of the individual spirits. This cocktail is best enjoyed responsibly and with caution, given its potential for rapid intoxication. It is a testament to the art of mixing spirits in a way that creates a harmonious and enjoyable, albeit strong, beverage. The balance of flavors ensures that no single spirit overpowers the others, resulting in a complex and layered taste experience.3a:T5ef,Quentão, meaning "very hot" or "big hot one" in Portuguese, is a traditional Brazilian hot drink served during the Festa Junina (June Festival). These festivals are celebrated throughout Brazil during the month of June and feature music, dance, and traditional foods and drinks. Quentão is particularly popular in the southern states of Brazil, where the weather is cooler during this time of year. The drink is a warming and aromatic concoction, typically made with cachaça (a spirit distilled from sugarcane juice), ginger, cinnamon, cloves, sugar, and citrus fruits. The mixture is simmered together, allowing the flavors to meld and infuse the cachaça, creating a beverage that is both comforting and festive. Variations exist, with some recipes including apples, star anise, or other spices. Quentão is usually served hot in mugs or glasses, and it is often enjoyed outdoors around bonfires or at street fairs. Its warming properties and spicy-sweet flavor make it a perfect drink for chilly evenings and celebratory occasions, embodying the spirit of Brazilian hospitality and tradition. The aroma of Quentão simmering on the stove is a familiar and welcoming scent during Festa Junina, evoking feelings of community and celebration. It's a simple drink to prepare but its complex flavors make it a true Brazilian classic, deeply rooted in the country's cultural heritage and culinary traditions. Enjoying a cup of Quentão is a way to experience the warmth and joy of Festa Junina, no matter where you are.3b:T492,The Southside is a classic gin-based cocktail that bears a striking resemblance to a Mojito, but with gin taking the place of rum. Its origins are debated, but it's often associated with the South Side of Chicago during the Prohibition era. Legend has it that Al Capone's gang favored gin, which was easier to produce illicitly and hence more readily available on the South Side, while rival gangs on the North Side preferred whiskey. The Southside offered a refreshing way to mask the often-rough taste of bathtub gin. The drink's combination of gin, mint, lime, and sugar makes it a light, crisp, and invigorating choice, especially popular during warmer months. Over time, variations have emerged, some calling for the addition of egg white to create a richer, silkier texture, known as the Southside Fizz when topped with soda water. The drink's enduring appeal stems from its simplicity, balance, and refreshing character, making it a favorite among gin enthusiasts and a testament to the creativity born out of necessity during Prohibition. The Southside is more than just a drink; it is a piece of American history, a symbol of resilience, and a delicious escape.3c:T460,Hennchata is a delightful fusion of French elegance and Mexican tradition, seamlessly blending the smoothness of cognac with the creamy, spiced flavors of horchata. This cocktail offers a sophisticated twist on the classic horchata, elevating it with the depth and complexity of fine brandy. The addition of cinnamon syrup enhances the spice notes already present in traditional horchata, while a dash of Angostura bitters adds a layer of aromatic complexity. Served over ice and garnished with a cinnamon stick, the Hennchata provides a comforting yet refined drinking experience. It's perfect for those seeking a unique and flavorful cocktail that bridges cultural divides and offers a harmonious blend of familiar and exotic tastes. The drink is suitable for both casual and more formal settings, lending itself well to brunch, dessert, or simply as an intriguing aperitif. The interplay between the cognac's subtle fruitiness and the horchata's creamy, spiced notes makes for a truly memorable and palate-pleasing experience. Historically, the combination is relatively modern, showing global influences on mixology.3d:T461,The Cojito, a playful twist on the classic Mojito, introduces coconut cream to the traditional mix of rum, mint, lime, and soda water. This addition transforms the drink into a tropical delight, adding a layer of creaminess and a hint of coconut that complements the refreshing mint and lime. While the exact origin of the Cojito is debated, it likely emerged from bartenders experimenting with the Mojito's formula, seeking to create a richer and more indulgent version. The coconut cream not only enhances the texture but also adds a subtle sweetness, balancing the tartness of the lime and the herbaceousness of the mint. This variation maintains the Mojito's inherent refreshment while offering a novel flavor experience. The Cojito is perfect for those who enjoy tropical flavors and creamy textures, offering a delightful alternative to the traditional Mojito. It’s a testament to the Mojito's versatility and its ability to be adapted to various tastes and preferences. This cocktail is often enjoyed during warm weather or as a vacation-inspired beverage, evoking images of sandy beaches and swaying palm trees.3e:T4f3,The Hurricane is a potent and sweet rum-based cocktail that originated in New Orleans. Its creation is attributed to Pat O'Brien's bar in the 1940s. Faced with a surplus of rum, due to distribution deals, O'Brien sought a way to move the excess spirit. He served the drink in a glass shaped like a hurricane lamp, hence the name. The original Hurricane was likely simpler than many modern versions, focusing on the combination of rum, passion fruit juice, and lime. Over time, variations have emerged, incorporating different fruit juices and sweeteners to tailor the flavor profile. The Hurricane quickly became a popular tourist drink, synonymous with the festive atmosphere of New Orleans. Its vibrant color and sweet taste make it an appealing choice, although its high alcohol content warrants caution. While often associated with Bourbon Street revelry, the Hurricane remains a significant part of New Orleans cocktail history, representing resourcefulness and adaptation in the face of market demands. The drink is typically served in a large, curvy glass that resembles a hurricane lamp, amplifying its visual appeal and contributing to its celebratory image. Different bars offer their variations, each attempting to create a unique and memorable experience.3f:T431,The Greyhound is a simple and refreshing cocktail consisting of vodka and grapefruit juice. Its origins are somewhat murky, with some suggesting it originated in the 1930s. The name 'Greyhound' is believed to be derived from the Greyhound bus lines, as the drink was often served in bus terminals and diners along the bus routes. Its simplicity has made it a popular choice over the decades, appreciated for its ease of preparation and thirst-quenching qualities. It’s a staple on many bar menus due to its straightforward appeal. The cocktail remains a classic choice for those who prefer a tart and subtly sweet beverage without overwhelming complexity. There are many variations. Adding a salted rim transforms it into a Salty Dog, but the core combination of vodka and grapefruit remains the same for the basic Greyhound. The grapefruit can vary from white to pink. The choice of vodka is very personal, as it can change the flavor profile quite a bit. Cheaper vodkas will have a rubbing alcohol taste to them while the higher end vodkas will have very little flavor.40:T44b,The 'Damn the Weather' cocktail is a modern classic, created by bartender Joaquin Simó at Pouring Ribbons in New York City. It's a delightful mix of rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, curaçao, and aromatic bitters, resulting in a complex yet balanced drink. The cocktail's name is a playful jab at the unpredictability of weather, much like the cocktail's layered flavors that shift and evolve with each sip. Simó's creation showcases the versatility of rye whiskey, complementing its inherent spiciness with the sweetness of vermouth and the citrus notes of curaçao. A dash of bitters ties everything together, adding a touch of bitterness and enhancing the overall aromatic profile. 'Damn the Weather' is a well-balanced and smooth cocktail, making it a great choice for both whiskey enthusiasts and those new to spirit-forward drinks. It's a testament to careful ingredient selection and precise measurements, resulting in a harmonious blend that is both satisfying and memorable. Its enduring popularity is a testament to Simó's skill in crafting a cocktail that is both complex and approachable.41:T516,The Blue Hawaiian is a tropical cocktail that embodies the spirit of the islands with its vibrant color and fruity flavors. It is a variation of the Piña Colada, distinguished by the addition of blue curaçao, which imparts both its striking hue and a subtle orange flavor. The drink is traditionally made with white rum, vodka, pineapple juice, cream of coconut, and blue curaçao. Served over ice, it offers a refreshing and visually appealing experience, making it a popular choice for vacationers and those seeking a taste of paradise. The precise origin of the Blue Hawaiian is somewhat debated, but it is generally believed to have emerged in the mid-20th century, likely coinciding with the increasing popularity of Hawaiian-themed bars and restaurants. Its success can be attributed to its balance of sweet and fruity notes, combined with its eye-catching presentation. The Blue Hawaiian quickly became a staple of poolside bars and luaus, solidifying its place in cocktail culture as a symbol of relaxation and tropical indulgence. While it may not be the most complex or sophisticated cocktail, its simplicity and crowd-pleasing flavors have ensured its enduring appeal. The drink perfectly encapsulates the escapist allure of a tropical getaway, offering a taste of the exotic in every sip.42:T4ad,The Lynchburg Lemonade is a refreshing and deceptively potent cocktail that gained popularity in the 1980s. It is named after Lynchburg, Tennessee, home of the Jack Daniel's distillery. The cocktail's creation is somewhat debated, with various stories attributing its origin to different bartenders in the area. Regardless of its exact genesis, the Lynchburg Lemonade quickly became a signature drink associated with the distillery and the town. The cocktail's appeal lies in its balance of sweet, sour, and boozy flavors, making it a crowd-pleaser, especially during warm weather. Its simple construction and readily available ingredients have contributed to its widespread adoption in bars and home settings. While variations exist, the classic recipe features whiskey, triple sec, lemon juice, and simple syrup, topped with lemon-lime soda for effervescence and a touch of sweetness. The drink's popularity has led to the Jack Daniel's company officially endorsing and marketing a version of it, further solidifying its place in cocktail culture. Its bright, citrusy profile and easy-drinking nature make it a favorite for casual gatherings and backyard barbecues. This drink is sure to please!43:T465,The Boulevardier is a classic cocktail that's essentially a Negroni with whiskey swapped in for gin. It's a spirit-forward drink that offers a delightful balance of bitter, sweet, and boozy flavors. Its origins can be traced back to the 1920s in Paris, and it was popularized by Erskine Gwynne, an American expatriate who founded a magazine called Boulevardier. The drink quickly gained recognition for its sophisticated yet simple profile, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts. Its relatively straightforward preparation and the availability of its ingredients have contributed to its enduring popularity. The Boulevardier offers a richer and deeper flavor compared to the Negroni, making it a perfect choice for whiskey lovers. Its versatility also allows for variations using different types of whiskey or adjusting the proportions to suit individual preferences. It is an excellent cocktail for cooler evenings or when a more robust and complex drink is desired. The Boulevardier stands as a testament to the enduring appeal of well-balanced and thoughtfully crafted cocktails that have stood the test of time.44:T436,The Martinez is often considered a precursor to the Martini. It dates back to the late 19th century, with various origin stories. One popular account suggests it was created in Martinez, California, during the Gold Rush era. Another story attributes its creation to a bartender in New York City. Regardless of its precise origin, the Martinez was documented in early bartending guides like O.H. Byron's "The Modern Bartender's Guide" (1884) and Harry Johnson's "Bartender's Manual" (1888). These recipes varied but generally included Old Tom Gin, sweet vermouth, maraschino liqueur, and bitters. Over time, the recipe has evolved, with some modern variations incorporating orange bitters and a lemon twist instead of the traditional olive. The Martinez represents a bridge between sweeter, more approachable cocktails of the 19th century and the drier, more spirit-forward drinks of the 20th century. It offers a complex interplay of flavors, balancing the sweetness of the gin and vermouth with the bitterness of the bitters and the subtle fruitiness of the maraschino liqueur.45:T4d8,The Ancient Mariner is a classic rum cocktail that showcases a delightful balance of sweet, sour, and slightly bitter flavors. Its origins are somewhat obscure, with no definitive historical record pinpointing its creation. However, its presence in vintage cocktail books suggests it emerged sometime in the mid-20th century, possibly during the tiki craze. The cocktail aims to highlight the versatility of rum, blending its inherent sweetness with the complexity of citrus and the subtle bitterness of maraschino liqueur and Angostura bitters. It's a refreshing and flavorful drink, well-suited for warm weather or as a palate cleanser. The Ancient Mariner offers a more sophisticated rum experience compared to simpler rum drinks, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts who appreciate balanced and nuanced flavors. The name evokes a sense of seafaring adventure, aligning with the romanticized image of rum and exploration. It provides an approachable entry point for those new to rum cocktails, while still offering enough complexity to satisfy experienced palates. The addition of simple syrup ensures a well-rounded sweetness, complementing the tartness of the lime juice and contributing to the overall harmony of the drink.46:T484,The Lorraine cocktail, a relatively obscure classic, offers a delightful balance of dry gin, vermouth, and maraschino liqueur. Its precise origins remain somewhat hazy, adding to its mystique. While not as widely known as other gin-based cocktails like the Martini or Negroni, the Lorraine provides a sophisticated and nuanced drinking experience. The combination of dry gin and dry vermouth creates a crisp, slightly herbaceous base, while the maraschino liqueur lends a subtle sweetness and cherry notes. A dash of orange bitters adds further complexity and aromatic dimension. The Lorraine is typically served straight up in a chilled coupe or martini glass, allowing its delicate flavors to shine. It is a sophisticated choice for those seeking a gin-forward cocktail with a touch of sweetness and complexity. The proportions may vary slightly depending on the recipe source, but the core ingredients remain consistent. The Lorraine presents a refreshing alternative to more common cocktails, making it an intriguing choice for adventurous palates. Its understated elegance and balanced profile make it suitable as an aperitif or an after-dinner drink.47:T408,The Smoked Fig and Bourbon Sour is a sophisticated twist on the classic whiskey sour, incorporating the rich, complex flavors of smoked figs to complement the bourbon's inherent sweetness and spice. The cocktail balances the robust bourbon with the smoky, fruity notes of the fig syrup, creating a depth of flavor that is both comforting and intriguing. Lemon juice introduces a necessary tartness, brightening the drink and preventing it from becoming overly heavy. A small amount of liqueur enhances the overall sweetness and complexity, melding the different profiles smoothly. The egg white (or aquafaba for a vegan option) adds a silky texture, softening the edges of the spirits and integrating all the elements into a cohesive whole. Garnished with a smoked fig, the cocktail is an aromatic delight that engages multiple senses, making it a memorable experience. This drink is especially well-suited for cooler evenings or as an aperitif before a hearty meal, providing a refined alternative to simpler spirit-forward drinks.48:T45a,The Paradise cocktail, a classic from the early 20th century, offers a delightful balance of sweet, sour, and subtly bitter flavors. Its origins can be traced back to the early days of cocktail culture, appearing in esteemed bartending guides of the time. While its exact creation story remains shrouded in mystery, the Paradise quickly gained popularity for its refreshing and sophisticated profile. Often regarded as a variation of the more widely known Daiquiri family, the Paradise distinguishes itself through the addition of apricot brandy, which brings a unique fruity and slightly almond-like dimension to the drink. This ingredient elevates the cocktail beyond a simple sweet and sour concoction, adding layers of complexity and refinement. The Paradise’s enduring appeal lies in its ability to be both approachable and intriguing, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts seeking a balanced and flavorful experience. Its legacy continues to be celebrated in modern bars, where bartenders often rediscover and reinterpret classic recipes like the Paradise, ensuring its place in cocktail history.49:T585,The Bronx cocktail is a variation of the Martini, distinguished by the addition of orange juice. It emerged in the early 20th century, around the time of the 1904 World's Fair in St. Louis, Missouri. The cocktail's name is reportedly derived from the Bronx borough of New York City, though the exact circumstances remain debated. One popular anecdote suggests that a bartender at the Waldorf Astoria, Joseph Sormani, created it for a customer who requested something "different". It gained popularity during the pre-Prohibition era, finding mention in prominent cocktail guides such as Harry Craddock's 'Savoy Cocktail Book'. The Bronx is essentially a Perfect Martini with orange juice, blending the dryness of gin and vermouth with the citrusy sweetness of orange. Different recipes call for varying proportions of sweet and dry vermouth, affecting the overall sweetness and balance. Some modern variations also add a dash of orange bitters for additional complexity, further bridging the gap between a Martini and a more complex citrus cocktail. The Bronx has somewhat faded in popularity compared to its Martini parent, but it remains a classic example of early 20th-century mixology, demonstrating how small additions can dramatically alter a cocktail's character. It offers a balanced profile, appealing to those who appreciate the structure of a Martini but seek a slightly sweeter and fruitier experience.4a:T406,The Chicago Cocktail, despite its name, has murky origins, with no definitive link to the city itself. It's a classic cocktail recipe found in older bartending books, predating the more modern cocktail renaissance. The cocktail is a simple mix of brandy, bitters, curaçao, and sugar, creating a balanced and slightly sweet drink. Its flavor profile is characterized by the fruity notes of brandy, complemented by the citrusy and bitter elements of the other ingredients. The Chicago Cocktail is not widely served today, but it remains a testament to the simpler cocktail recipes of the past. It offers a glimpse into the history of cocktail making, showcasing a time when fewer ingredients were used to create interesting and flavorful drinks. The recipe's lack of a definitive origin story only adds to its mystique, inviting bartenders and cocktail enthusiasts to explore and rediscover this forgotten classic. It's a drink that honors the elegance and simplicity of early cocktail culture, offering a smooth and complex taste.4b:T4af,The Mango Sour is a vibrant and tropical twist on the classic sour cocktail. It combines the smooth and neutral profile of vodka with the sweet and tangy flavors of mango, balanced by the acidity of lime juice. This cocktail is relatively modern, likely emerging in the late 20th or early 21st century as bartenders began experimenting with exotic fruit purees and modern mixology techniques. The use of fresh mango puree distinguishes it from simply using mango-flavored liqueurs or syrups, creating a more authentic and intense fruit flavor. The addition of a small amount of simple syrup enhances the sweetness, while egg white (optional) adds a silky texture and a visually appealing foamy head. The Mango Sour is perfect for those seeking a refreshing and fruity drink, particularly during warmer months. Its balance of sweet, sour, and subtly boozy notes makes it a crowd-pleaser, suitable for both casual gatherings and more sophisticated settings. The garnish of a mango slice or a lime wheel adds a final touch of elegance and reinforces the cocktail's key flavors. Its simplicity allows for easy adaptation, making it a popular choice for both home bartenders and professional mixologists.4c:T43c,The El Diablo is a refreshing and vibrant cocktail that balances the earthy notes of tequila with the sweet and spicy flavors of crème de cassis and ginger beer. Its vibrant red hue and effervescent quality make it a visually appealing and palate-pleasing drink, perfect for warm weather or any occasion that calls for a touch of spirited elegance. The drink's creation is often attributed to Trader Vic, circa 1946. However, definitive sources are hard to come by. While not as widely known as some other tequila-based cocktails, the El Diablo offers a unique flavor profile that sets it apart. The combination of tequila, crème de cassis, lime juice, and ginger beer creates a complex interplay of flavors that is both refreshing and satisfying. The lime juice adds a tartness that balances the sweetness of the crème de cassis, while the ginger beer provides a spicy kick and effervescence that elevates the drink. The tequila ties everything together. Its earthy notes provide a counterpoint to the other ingredients, creating a cocktail that is both complex and well-balanced.4d:T476,The Derby cocktail is a classic concoction featuring bourbon as its base, complemented by the refreshing flavors of lime juice and a touch of sweetness from simple syrup. Its precise origins are somewhat debated, but it's believed to have emerged around the mid-20th century. The cocktail's name likely alludes to the famous Kentucky Derby horse race, given bourbon's strong association with the state. The Derby shares similarities with other sour-style cocktails like the Whiskey Sour, but its distinct blend of ingredients sets it apart. Over time, variations of the Derby have appeared, some incorporating different citrus fruits or liqueurs to add complexity. However, the core combination of bourbon, lime, and simple syrup remains the defining characteristic of this simple yet satisfying drink. The Derby is appreciated for its easy preparation and balanced flavor profile, making it a popular choice for both home bartenders and professional mixologists seeking a classic, approachable cocktail. It represents a time when simple, well-executed drinks were highly valued, and it continues to be enjoyed for its straightforward appeal.4e:T603,The Cuban Sunset is a vibrant and visually appealing cocktail designed to evoke the vivid colors of a Caribbean sunset. While not steeped in documented historical lore like some classic cocktails, its creation is a testament to the evolution of mixology, focusing on fresh ingredients and balanced flavors. It likely emerged in the late 20th or early 21st century, a period marked by the global expansion of cocktail culture and an emphasis on tropical and refreshing drinks. The combination of rum, pineapple juice, grenadine, and lime creates a harmonious blend of sweet, tart, and fruity notes. The layered effect achieved by carefully pouring the grenadine after the other ingredients mimics the gradient of colors seen during a sunset, enhancing the overall drinking experience. This cocktail embodies the spirit of innovation and creativity within the bartending community, showcasing how traditional ingredients can be reimagined to create new and exciting flavor combinations. Its popularity stems from its approachable taste profile, making it an ideal choice for both casual drinkers and cocktail enthusiasts alike. The Cuban Sunset represents the modern cocktail era's embrace of visual presentation and flavorful experiences, emphasizing the artistry and craftsmanship involved in creating memorable drinks. It stands as a reminder that cocktails can be more than just alcoholic beverages; they can be works of art that capture a moment in time or a specific feeling, in this case, the tranquility and beauty of a Cuban sunset.4f:T4d4,The Jack Rose is a classic cocktail dating back to the early 20th century. Its distinctive pink hue comes from grenadine, which balances the tartness of the apple brandy and lemon juice. The cocktail gained popularity in the pre-Prohibition era and was a favorite at establishments like the Knickerbocker Hotel in New York. There are varied origin stories, with some linking it to a bartender named Frank J. Rose, while others suggest it's named after a notorious gangster called 'Bald Jack' Rose. Regardless of its specific origin, the Jack Rose remains a well-regarded cocktail for its balance and refreshing character. The balance between sweet, sour, and the underlying apple notes makes the drink simultaneously approachable and complex. It fell out of favor for a time but has seen a resurgence in popularity with the revival of classic cocktails. Modern variations exist, but the classic recipe continues to be a benchmark for apple brandy cocktails. Using high-quality apple brandy is crucial for achieving the desired flavor profile. The quality of the grenadine also significantly impacts the overall taste and color of the drink. A well-made Jack Rose is a testament to the timeless appeal of simple, well-balanced cocktails.50:T4a8,The My Fair Lady is a delightful and refreshing cocktail that balances floral, fruity, and slightly tart notes. It is a relatively modern creation, lacking a deep historical background compared to some classics, but its balanced profile and elegant presentation have earned it a place in contemporary cocktail menus. The drink showcases the versatility of gin, blending it with apricot brandy for a subtle sweetness and floral nuance. Fresh lemon juice contributes a vibrant acidity, while grenadine adds a touch of color and additional fruitiness. The egg white, though optional, lends a silky smooth texture, elevating the drinking experience. While the exact origins remain somewhat obscure, the My Fair Lady is appreciated for its harmonious blend of flavors and its ability to appeal to a wide range of palates. It's a great choice for those seeking a well-balanced and visually appealing cocktail that is neither overly sweet nor excessively tart. Its lightness makes it suitable as an aperitif or a refreshing drink on a warm day. The cocktail embodies a sense of sophisticated simplicity, reminiscent of the elegance and charm associated with its namesake, the musical 'My Fair Lady'.51:T4d2,The Clover Club is a classic pre-Prohibition cocktail known for its beautiful pink hue and balanced flavor profile. It originated at the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel in Philadelphia, where the Clover Club Society, a group of lawyers and writers, regularly met. The cocktail gained popularity in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, appearing in numerous cocktail books. Its blend of gin, raspberry syrup, lemon juice, and egg white creates a silky texture and a delightful combination of sweet, tart, and floral notes. The egg white not only contributes to the creamy texture but also softens the sharpness of the other ingredients, creating a harmonious drink. The Clover Club experienced a decline in popularity during the mid-20th century but has seen a resurgence in recent years as classic cocktails have made a comeback. Modern variations sometimes include different types of gin or raspberry-flavored liqueurs, but the core elements remain the same: a balance of sweet, sour, and spirit with a velvety texture. This pink drink makes it an excellent choice for a brunch cocktail or any occasion where a refreshing and visually appealing drink is desired. Its historical significance and refined flavor make it a timeless classic.52:T51d,The Death in the Afternoon, also known as the Hemingway Champagne, is a potent and effervescent cocktail created by Ernest Hemingway. Its simple yet striking combination of absinthe and Champagne delivers a unique sensory experience. The cocktail's invention is attributed to Hemingway, who included the recipe in a collection of celebrity cocktail recipes published in 1935. The name itself reflects Hemingway's characteristic dark humor and appreciation for strong, straightforward drinks. The preparation is exceptionally simple: absinthe is poured into a Champagne flute and then topped with Champagne. The drink should then be stirred gently until it obtains an opalescent cloudiness, creating a visually appealing effect. The result is a drink that is both refreshing and intensely flavored. The anise notes of the absinthe are balanced by the dryness and bubbles of the Champagne, creating a surprisingly harmonious blend. Despite its simplicity, the Death in the Afternoon is not for the faint of heart due to its high alcohol content. It’s best enjoyed slowly, allowing the flavors to fully develop on the palate. This cocktail remains a favorite among those seeking a bold and distinctive drinking experience, embodying Hemingway's adventurous spirit and appreciation for the finer things in life.53:T426,The Old Etonian cocktail is a classic concoction with a complex and layered flavor profile, offering a delightful balance of sweet, bitter, and herbal notes. Its roots are somewhat obscure, lacking a definitive historical origin, but it is known from the mid-20th century bartending guides. The drink combines the dryness of gin with the herbal and slightly bitter character of Lillet Blanc and the sweetness from the apricot brandy and orange bitters, resulting in a sophisticated and balanced drink. The cocktail's name suggests a connection to Eton College, a prestigious boarding school in England, implying an association with refined tastes and a sense of tradition. The Old Etonian provides a smooth and elegant drinking experience, often served in a chilled cocktail glass without ice, thus highlighting the cocktail's rich flavors. It appeals to those who appreciate well-balanced cocktails with a subtle sweetness and interesting herbal undertones. It is a drink to be savored slowly, allowing one to appreciate the interplay of its diverse components.54:T514,The Widow's Kiss is a classic cocktail that dates back to the late 19th century. It's a complex and potent drink, combining the richness of apple brandy (Calvados) with the herbal and aromatic qualities of Benedictine and the sweetness of yellow Chartreuse. A dash of Angostura bitters adds a touch of spice and depth, tying all the flavors together. The cocktail's name evokes a sense of mystery and perhaps even danger, hinting at the powerful combination of ingredients. It's a drink best enjoyed slowly, allowing the flavors to unfold and mingle on the palate. The Widow's Kiss is a testament to the creativity and ingenuity of early mixologists, showcasing their ability to create balanced and intriguing cocktails with a relatively small number of ingredients. The historical accounts of the Widow's Kiss are hazy, adding to its allure. It's believed to have originated in the United States, possibly in a New York City bar. The cocktail's name and potent nature suggests it was a sophisticated drink, favored by those seeking a complex and rewarding experience. The Widow's Kiss is a reminder of a bygone era, when cocktails were crafted with care and attention to detail. It's a drink that deserves to be rediscovered and appreciated for its unique flavor profile and historical significance.55:T4fe,The Japanese Slipper is a vibrant and visually appealing cocktail known for its sweet and fruity flavor profile. Created in 1984 by Jean-Paul Bourguignon at Mietta's Restaurant in Melbourne, Australia, it showcases the harmonious blend of Midori melon liqueur, Cointreau, and lemon juice. This combination results in a refreshing and well-balanced drink that's easy to enjoy. The cocktail's bright green color, derived from the Midori, contributes to its popularity, making it a favorite for those who appreciate both taste and presentation. The drink gained popularity in the 1980s and is still a well-known cocktail today. Its simple recipe makes it easy to recreate at home, while its sophisticated flavors make it a suitable choice for cocktail parties or a quiet evening. The Japanese Slipper represents a playful yet refined approach to cocktail making, inviting drinkers to indulge in a touch of sweetness and zest. The use of Midori, a relatively modern liqueur compared to others, highlights the cocktail's contemporary roots and appeal. The cocktail's name evokes a sense of exoticism, adding to its allure. Overall, the Japanese Slipper is a testament to the creativity and innovation in cocktail culture, offering a delightful experience for the palate and the eyes.56:T49b,The Campari Spritz is a refreshing and simple aperitivo cocktail, a variation of the classic Aperol Spritz. It substitutes Aperol with Campari, resulting in a more bitter and complex flavor profile. The Spritz evolved from the practice of adding a splash of still water to wine in 19th-century Veneto, Italy, to dilute it. The modern version, with sparkling wine and a bitter liqueur, gained popularity in the 20th century. It is now a widely enjoyed pre-dinner drink, particularly in warmer months, known for its vibrant color and easy-to-drink nature. Its distinct bitterness makes it an excellent palate cleanser, preparing the taste buds for the meal to come. The Campari Spritz is a staple in Italian aperitivo culture, representing a moment of relaxation and socializing before dinner, often accompanied by small snacks and appetizers. Its global appeal stems from its simplicity, refreshing qualities, and the inherent sophistication associated with Italian cocktail culture. The Campari Spritz offers a drier, more sophisticated alternative to the sweeter Aperol Spritz. It's the perfect choice for those who appreciate a more pronounced bitter flavor in their cocktails.57:T4db,The Brooklyn cocktail, a pre-Prohibition gem, offers a sophisticated variation on the Manhattan. Its subtle complexity arises from the blend of rye whiskey, dry vermouth, maraschino liqueur, and Amer Picon or a substitute like Cynar or Ramazzotti. While its exact origins are debated, it's believed to have emerged in the early 20th century, possibly named after the New York City borough. The Brooklyn showcases how a few carefully chosen ingredients can transform a classic template into something entirely new, creating a balanced and intriguing drink for the discerning palate. The touch of bitterness from the Amer Picon (or its alternative) distinguishes it from its more famous cousin, the Manhattan. It emphasizes the importance of quality ingredients and the subtle art of balancing flavors to achieve a truly memorable cocktail experience. It’s a testament to the creativity and experimentation of bartenders from a bygone era, when classic cocktails were being refined and new variations were constantly being explored, resulting in a rich and diverse cocktail culture that continues to inspire today. The Brooklyn, with its elegant balance and understated complexity, is a worthy addition to any cocktail enthusiast's repertoire.58:T47a,The Barracuda is a sparkling cocktail that offers a delightful combination of rum, Galliano, pineapple juice, lime juice, and Prosecco. It's a relatively modern creation, gaining popularity in the early 2010s, and is known for its vibrant flavors and bubbly effervescence. The cocktail provides a balanced profile of sweetness, acidity, and subtle herbal notes, making it a refreshing and celebratory choice. The Barracuda is often served in a champagne flute or coupe, highlighting its elegant presentation. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and ability to cater to a wide range of palates. The combination of rum and Galliano adds complexity, while the pineapple and lime juices bring a tropical and tangy edge. The addition of Prosecco elevates the drink with its delicate bubbles and dry finish. The Barracuda is a testament to the mixological trend of creating accessible yet sophisticated cocktails that are both visually appealing and enjoyable to drink. It’s suitable for casual gatherings, celebratory events, or as a delightful aperitif before a meal. It's a crowd-pleaser due to its balanced flavors and approachable profile.59:T519,The Kir Royale is a variation of the classic Kir cocktail, which is simply white wine topped with crème de cassis (blackcurrant liqueur). The 'Royale' element indicates the use of champagne instead of white wine, elevating the drink into a celebratory and luxurious cocktail. The Kir Royale became popular in the mid-20th century, particularly in France, and has since gained international recognition as an elegant and easy-to-make aperitif. It's often served at weddings, parties, and other special occasions. While the classic recipe calls for crème de cassis, other fruit liqueurs like raspberry (crème de framboise) or peach (crème de pêche) can be used to create variations. The Kir Royale is appreciated for its simplicity, delightful color, and refreshing taste, making it a perfect welcome drink or a light cocktail to enjoy any time of year. The drink's appealing color and effervescence contribute to its widespread appeal. Its subtle sweetness and fruity notes make it a crowd-pleaser, suitable for those who prefer lighter and less boozy cocktails. The cocktail is named after Félix Kir, a mayor of Dijon in Burgundy, France, who popularized the drink after World War II. He used the drink as a way to promote regional products, namely Burgundy Aligoté white wine and crème de cassis.5a:T536,The Fuzzy Navel is a simple and popular highball cocktail known for its sweet and fruity flavor. It's a combination of peach schnapps and orange juice, making it an easy-to-drink and refreshing beverage. While its exact origins are unclear, it gained popularity in the 1980s and has remained a staple in casual bars and gatherings. Its accessibility and uncomplicated preparation have contributed to its enduring appeal. The name "Fuzzy Navel" is a playful combination of the "fuzzy" texture of peaches and the "navel" orange, representing the two main ingredients. The drink is often associated with warm weather and social occasions, being a light and enjoyable option for those who prefer sweeter cocktails. The Fuzzy Navel is rarely found in high end cocktail bars, but remains popular due to ease of preparation, availability of ingredients, and flavor profile. While not particularly complex, it serves as a pleasant and approachable introduction to mixed drinks, especially for those new to cocktail culture. Over time, the basic recipe has spawned numerous variations, with some adding vodka or other spirits to increase the alcoholic content or adjust the flavor balance. However, the classic combination of peach schnapps and orange juice remains the defining characteristic of this cocktail, which is very sweet and fruity.5b:T49f,The Vargtass, meaning 'Wolf's Paw' in Swedish, is a simple yet potent cocktail that embodies the spirit of the Nordic wilderness. Its straightforward composition of vodka and lingonberry concentrate makes it a popular choice in Sweden, particularly during colder months. The drink is known for its tart and slightly sweet flavor profile, offering a refreshing contrast to the often harsh winter climate. While its exact origins are somewhat obscure, the Vargtass is thought to have emerged as a convenient and accessible way to enjoy local berries in a more palatable form, especially when fresh berries are scarce. It represents a pragmatic approach to cocktail making, prioritizing readily available ingredients and ease of preparation. The Vargtass is often enjoyed as an apéritif or a social drink, reflecting the Swedish tradition of 'fika' – taking a break to enjoy coffee and a small treat with friends or colleagues. The combination of vodka and lingonberries delivers a balanced experience, making it a comforting and invigorating beverage. Today, the Vargtass remains a staple in many Swedish homes and bars, a testament to its enduring appeal and cultural significance.5c:T451,The Aviation is a classic cocktail created in the early 20th century by Hugo Ensslin, head bartender at the Hotel Wallick in New York City. Its defining characteristic is its sky-blue hue, achieved through the use of crème de violette, a violet liqueur. The original recipe called for gin, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, and crème de violette. The crème de violette imparts a floral aroma and a delicate violet flavor. Due to the scarcity of crème de violette in later years, some bartenders omitted it, resulting in a drink that lacked the distinctive color and floral notes of the original. Modern revivals of the Aviation cocktail typically include crème de violette to stay true to the original recipe. The balance of the drink hinges on the interplay between the dry gin, the tart lemon juice, the subtle sweetness of maraschino liqueur, and the floral complexity of the violet liqueur. A well-made Aviation is a refreshing and sophisticated cocktail that evokes a sense of elegance and history. The drink is often served in a coupe or martini glass and garnished with a cherry or lemon twist.5d:T42d,The Mary Pickford cocktail, named after the famous silent film actress, is a delightful and refreshing drink that emerged during the Prohibition era. It's believed to have originated in Havana, Cuba, where Mary Pickford was filming a movie. The drink quickly gained popularity due to its balanced sweetness, slight tartness, and tropical notes. The combination of white rum, pineapple juice, grenadine, and maraschino liqueur creates a harmonious blend of flavors that is both easy to drink and sophisticated. Its elegant presentation, often garnished with a maraschino cherry, adds to its allure. The Mary Pickford cocktail captures the glamour and spirit of the Roaring Twenties, offering a taste of classic Hollywood charm. It is a simple yet elegant cocktail that reflects the era and persona of its namesake. Its enduring appeal is a testament to its well-balanced flavor profile and its connection to a celebrated figure of early cinema. The cocktail remains a popular choice for those seeking a taste of vintage glamour and a perfectly balanced, fruity libation.5e:T491,The Caipirinha is Brazil's national cocktail, a simple yet refreshing mix of cachaça, sugar, and lime. Its origins are somewhat debated, with theories ranging from a medicinal concoction used to combat the Spanish flu to a drink served at parties for wealthy landowners. Regardless of its exact beginnings, the Caipirinha has become a beloved symbol of Brazilian culture, enjoyed in bars, restaurants, and homes across the country and around the world. Its appeal lies in its simplicity and balance of flavors: the sweetness of the sugar is offset by the tartness of the lime, while the cachaça provides a potent kick and a distinctive sugarcane aroma. The muddling technique extracts the essential oils from the lime peel, adding another layer of complexity to the drink. While traditionally made with white sugar, variations exist using brown sugar or flavored syrups. The Caipirinha is more than just a cocktail; it's a taste of Brazil, a celebration of its vibrant culture, and a reminder of the simple pleasures in life. Today, countless variations exist, incorporating other fruits and flavors, but the classic recipe remains the most iconic and widely enjoyed.5f:T45c,The Mezcal Margarita is a smoky twist on the classic Margarita, replacing tequila with mezcal for a deeper, more complex flavor profile. The drink maintains the simple yet elegant structure of the original, highlighting the unique characteristics of mezcal. The combination of smoky mezcal, tart lime juice, and sweet agave nectar creates a balanced and refreshing cocktail. It's a perfect drink for those who enjoy the taste of tequila but seek a more adventurous flavor experience. It elevates the classic drink with an earthy note, a smoky accent, and a fascinating flavor. The Mezcal Margarita is often garnished with lime to enhance the citrusy aroma. Salt on the rim is optional and depends on the preferences of the drinker. Overall, the Mezcal Margarita is a sophisticated and flavorful cocktail that captures the essence of the classic Margarita while offering a more profound and unique drinking experience. Its versatility and ability to pair with various foods have contributed to its popularity in bars and restaurants worldwide, making it a favorite among both cocktail enthusiasts and casual drinkers.60:T44e,The Pisco Sour is a classic cocktail originating from Peru, although its exact origins are debated. It's a delightful blend of pisco, lime juice, simple syrup, egg white, and a dash of bitters. The egg white provides a silky smooth texture and a frothy head, while the lime juice offers a refreshing tartness that balances the sweetness of the syrup. The bitters add a touch of aromatic complexity. The cocktail is traditionally served chilled and garnished with a few drops of Angostura bitters, creating a visually appealing and flavorful experience. There are several variations of the cocktail, but the core ingredients remain consistent. The drink has become a symbol of Peruvian national pride, and is a staple in bars around the world. The quality of pisco greatly influences the final taste of the drink, making it essential to choose a good one. Often made with Quebranta pisco for authenticity, other varietals can also be used. Overall, the Pisco Sour is a harmonious blend of sweet, sour, and spirituous flavors that will tantalize the taste buds, a timeless cocktail appreciated worldwide.61:T49d,The French 75 is a classic cocktail that combines gin, lemon juice, sugar, and Champagne. Its origin can be traced back to World War I, with early versions appearing at Harry's New York Bar in Paris. The drink was named after the French 75mm field gun, a weapon known for its speed and accuracy, reflecting the cocktail's potent and impactful nature. Initially, the drink was simpler, sometimes using Calvados or brandy instead of gin. The combination of gin and Champagne creates a sparkling and effervescent experience, while the lemon and sugar balance the flavors, offering a crisp and refreshing taste. The French 75 gained widespread popularity during the 1920s, becoming a symbol of celebration and sophistication. Over the years, variations have emerged, but the classic recipe remains a testament to the cocktail's enduring appeal, offering a perfect blend of strength, elegance, and historical significance. It's a drink for toasting special moments, embodying a sense of joie de vivre with every sip. The balance of the cocktail is key, ensuring that no single element overpowers the others, creating a harmonious and delightful beverage that has stood the test of time.62:T4ad,The Alabama Slammer is a sweet, fruity cocktail known for its potent combination of amaretto, Southern Comfort, sloe gin, and orange juice. It's often associated with college parties and a generally fun, unpretentious atmosphere. While its exact origins are murky, the drink gained popularity in the 1980s. The equal parts approach makes it easy to batch, contributing to its appeal. It's a vibrant, crowd-pleasing drink that favors sweetness over subtlety. Although not considered a sophisticated cocktail, its straightforward flavor and high alcohol content have secured its place in popular drinking culture. It is often served in a tall glass over ice. The Alabama Slammer's appeal lies in its simplicity and ability to deliver a flavorful, boozy experience. The combination of amaretto and Southern Comfort creates a distinctive sweetness, while the sloe gin adds a touch of tartness and complexity. Orange juice further complements the blend, providing a refreshing citrus note. While individual recipes vary, the core ingredients typically remain consistent. This cocktail is a testament to how a few readily available ingredients can come together to create a memorable and enduring drink.63:T4b7,The White Lady is a classic pre-Prohibition era cocktail that balances the dryness of gin with the sweetness of orange liqueur and the tartness of lemon juice. Its origins are debated, with Harry MacElhone at Harry's New York Bar in Paris and Harry Craddock at the Savoy Hotel in London both laying claim to its creation. The cocktail is a member of the sour family and is closely related to the Sidecar and the Margarita, all sharing a similar formula of base spirit, citrus, and sweetener. It gained popularity in the 1920s and 30s and remains a beloved cocktail for its simplicity, elegance, and refreshing taste. The White Lady is appreciated for its bright, clean flavors and its ability to showcase the quality of the gin used. A well-made White Lady should be perfectly balanced, with no single ingredient overpowering the others. Its enduring appeal lies in its timelessness and its capacity to be easily adapted to individual preferences by adjusting the proportions of the ingredients. The cocktail's name likely refers to its pale, white color, achieved by shaking the ingredients with ice and straining into a chilled glass. It is a sophisticated and refined cocktail, suitable for any occasion.64:T4a1,Cremat is a traditional hot alcoholic beverage from the Pyrenees mountains, typically consumed in Catalonia, Andorra, and parts of Southern France. Its roots are deeply intertwined with mountain culture, folklore, and communal gatherings. Historically, it was prepared during winter festivals, celebrations, or simply as a way to ward off the cold in the harsh mountain environment. The precise origins are obscure, evolving as a homebrew tradition. Recipes were passed down through generations, with regional variations emerging, reflecting the availability of local ingredients and personal preferences. The burning ritual before consumption is a symbolic act, thought to purify the drink and strengthen bonds among those sharing it. The act of flambéing the alcohol creates a visually stunning effect, adding to the drink's cultural significance and making it more than just a simple beverage. Today, Cremat continues to be a popular drink at festivals, ski resorts, and private gatherings in the Pyrenees, preserving a taste of the region's rich heritage. It is not merely a beverage; it is a cultural experience that connects people to the history and traditions of the Pyrenees.65:T441,1. In a heat-resistant earthenware bowl or pot, combine the rum, sugar, lemon peel, orange peel, coffee beans, and cinnamon stick.
2. Stir the mixture gently to dissolve some of the sugar.
3. Carefully heat the rum mixture, either on a stovetop or using a heat source under the bowl. Ensure it doesn't boil.
4. Using a ladle, scoop some of the heated rum and pour it back over the sugar and spices. This helps to dissolve the sugar further and infuse the flavors.
5. Once the sugar is mostly dissolved, carefully ignite the surface of the rum with a long match or lighter. The alcohol fumes will catch fire and burn with a blue flame.
6. Allow the rum to burn for a few minutes, stirring occasionally with a ladle. The longer it burns, the more alcohol evaporates, reducing the overall booziness.
7. Extinguish the flames by covering the bowl with a lid or by carefully adding a small amount of water or coffee.
8. Ladle the Cremat into heat-resistant glasses or mugs, ensuring that each serving contains a portion of the citrus peels and coffee beans.
9. Serve immediately and enjoy warm.66:T484,The Porto Flip is a classic cocktail dating back to the 17th century, a rich and decadent drink traditionally enjoyed as a nightcap. It's a fortified wine cocktail, showcasing the robust character of Port wine, enriched with egg yolk and a touch of sweetness. The egg yolk imparts a creamy texture and enhances the overall richness, while a grating of nutmeg provides a warm, aromatic finish. Flips, as a category, were originally made with beer, rum and sugar, heated with a hot poker, but eventually evolved into the egg-enriched, spirit-based drinks we know today. The Porto Flip remains a timeless example of a simple yet luxurious cocktail, perfect for cooler evenings or as an indulgent treat. Its simplicity highlights the quality of the ingredients, making it a favorite among those who appreciate both classic cocktails and the nuances of fortified wine. The combination of port, egg, and sugar creates a velvety smooth experience, leaving a lasting impression of comfort and sophistication. Variations may include adding a dash of brandy for extra strength or using different types of Port, such as Tawny, for a slightly different flavor profile.67:T45b,The Daiquiri is a simple yet elegant cocktail that showcases the harmonious balance between sweet, sour, and spirituous elements. Its origins can be traced back to Cuba in the late 19th century, purportedly invented by an American mining engineer named Jennings Cox. As the story goes, Cox ran out of gin while entertaining guests and improvised by mixing local rum with lime juice and sugar. The drink was named after the nearby Daiquiri mines. The Daiquiri quickly gained popularity, especially among Americans visiting Cuba during the Prohibition era. It found its way into literary circles and became a favorite of Ernest Hemingway, who popularized variations like the Papa Doble. The classic Daiquiri is a testament to the power of simplicity, proving that a well-made drink doesn't require a long list of ingredients. Its enduring appeal lies in its refreshing character and its ability to be customized with different fruits and flavors, while still retaining the core essence of rum, lime, and sugar. The Daiquiri remains a staple on cocktail menus worldwide, celebrated for its clean taste and versatility.68:T48c,The Cosmopolitan, often shortened to "Cosmo," is a classic cocktail known for its vibrant pink hue and refreshing taste. Though its exact origins are debated, the modern version is widely attributed to Cheryl Cook at the Strand Restaurant in South Beach, Florida, in the mid-1980s. Cook's intention was to create a visually appealing drink served in a Martini glass that was more palatable than the overly sweet drinks of the time. Toby Cecchini, of The Odeon in New York City, is also often credited with popularizing a version of the Cosmo. However, the cocktail gained massive popularity in the 1990s, largely due to its frequent appearance on the television show "Sex and the City," where it became the signature drink of the character Carrie Bradshaw and her friends. The Cosmo's appeal lies in its balance of sweet, tart, and slightly citrusy flavors, making it a sophisticated and approachable choice for cocktail enthusiasts. Its simple recipe and readily available ingredients have further cemented its status as a modern classic, frequently found on cocktail menus worldwide. The drink is not too strong, and perfect for a celebration or a special treat.69:T4c8,The Pink Lady is a classic gin-based cocktail known for its appealing pink hue and balanced flavor profile. Its history is somewhat debated, with possible origins in the early 20th century. One popular theory suggests that the cocktail was named after the musical 'The Pink Lady' that premiered in 1911. Another claims it was named after actress and singer Hazel Dawn, who starred in the musical. Initially, the Pink Lady was often viewed as a 'ladies' drink' due to its sweetness and color, which led to some bartenders disdaining its creation. The inclusion of egg white gives the cocktail a silky texture, while grenadine provides both the signature pink color and a touch of sweetness. Applejack adds a fruity complexity that complements the gin. However, applejack can be hard to find, so Calvados or even apple brandy is an acceptable substitution. The lemon juice balances the sweetness with acidity, resulting in a harmonious and refreshing drink. Over time, the Pink Lady has experienced fluctuations in popularity, but it remains a notable classic cocktail with a distinctive appearance and flavor. Its recipe has also been adapted over the years, with some versions including different sweeteners or fruit juices.6a:T518,Hangman's Blood is a potent and somewhat notorious cocktail known for its blend of five different base spirits, stout, and champagne. Its origins are often attributed to the Chelsea Arts Club in London, though specific historical documentation is scarce. The drink is designed to be a strong, multi-layered experience, with each spirit contributing its unique character to the overall flavor profile. The stout adds a creamy, roasted element, while the champagne lightens the texture and introduces a celebratory fizz. Due to its high alcohol content and varied ingredients, Hangman's Blood is not for the faint of heart. It's a cocktail best suited for adventurous drinkers seeking a complex and memorable experience. The name itself suggests a dark, edgy appeal, adding to the cocktail's mystique. The careful layering of ingredients and the balance between strong spirits and complementing mixers make this a unique and challenging cocktail to prepare and enjoy. Though the cocktail seems like it would be unbalanced it is the interplay between spirits and mixers that makes it appealing to the right palette. The goal is to create a drink that is surprisingly smooth despite its high alcohol content. The cocktail's presentation, often served in a large glass or pitcher, adds to its dramatic appeal.6b:T4cf,The Aviation is a classic cocktail that emerged in the early 20th century, created by Hugo Ensslin, the head bartender at the Hotel Wallick in New York. Its name is derived from the light blue hue imparted by crème de violette, evoking the color of the sky. The original recipe called for gin, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, and crème de violette. The crème de violette, however, can be difficult to find, and its floral note can be overpowering. As a result, many modern versions omit or reduce the amount of crème de violette, leading to a simpler, drier cocktail. Takumi's Aviation aims for balance, celebrating the violet flavor but grounding it with gin and acidity. Finding that precise balance between floral sweetness, tartness, and dry gin is key to a well-made Aviation. Some bartenders have used the butterfly pea flower to give the cocktail a purple tint without the violet flavor. The cocktail's balance is delicate; too much violette dominates, while too little makes it a tart gin sour. The Aviation represents a time of optimism and innovation and remains a sophisticated and beautiful drink. Different gins will affect the flavor profile, so try different ones. Experiment with the ratios to suit your taste.6c:T50d,The Manhattan cocktail is a classic and sophisticated drink with a rich history. Believed to have originated in the late 19th century at the Manhattan Club in New York City, the cocktail quickly gained popularity and became a staple in bars worldwide. While the exact origin is debated, the earliest accounts suggest it was created for a banquet hosted by Lady Randolph Churchill (Winston Churchill's mother). The initial recipe likely involved whiskey, sweet vermouth, and bitters. Over time, variations emerged, including the use of different types of whiskey (rye, bourbon, Canadian whisky) and the substitution of sweet vermouth with dry vermouth for a 'Dry Manhattan'. A 'Perfect Manhattan' uses equal parts sweet and dry vermouth. The drink is typically stirred with ice, strained into a chilled glass, and garnished with a maraschino cherry or a lemon twist. Its enduring appeal lies in its simple yet complex flavor profile – a harmonious blend of whiskey's warmth, vermouth's herbal notes, and bitters' subtle spice. The Manhattan remains a symbol of classic cocktail culture and a testament to the enduring appeal of well-balanced and thoughtfully crafted drinks. Its elegance and boldness continue to captivate cocktail enthusiasts around the globe, making it a timeless favorite.6d:T4ba,The Brandy Old Fashioned is a variation of the classic Old Fashioned cocktail, substituting whiskey with brandy as the base spirit. Originating in the 19th century, the Old Fashioned is considered one of the original cocktails, highlighting the spirit with sugar, bitters, and water. The brandy version gained popularity in the Midwest, particularly in Wisconsin, where brandy production and consumption have a strong tradition. In Wisconsin, it's common to specify the drink 'sweet,' which includes soda; 'sour,' with lemon-lime soda; or 'press,' which uses both club soda and lemon-lime soda. A proper Brandy Old Fashioned showcases the quality of the brandy, complemented by the sweetness and aromatic bitters. The addition of fruit as a muddled component is a popular variation, although purists may argue against it. Whether enjoyed with or without fruit, the Brandy Old Fashioned delivers a balanced and flavorful experience, highlighting the richness and complexity of brandy. It is a testament to the adaptability of classic cocktails and regional preferences in cocktail culture. The simplicity of the drink allows for variations catering to individual tastes, making it a beloved and enduring choice.6e:T460,The Spaghett is a contemporary cocktail designed for easy drinking and sessionability. Its bright color and refreshing flavor profile make it a popular choice for casual gatherings and warm weather occasions. While its exact origin is somewhat ambiguous, the Spaghett has gained traction in recent years due to its approachability and ease of preparation. It typically consists of Aperol and Prosecco, a simple combination akin to an Aperol Spritz, but the addition of the lemon twist elevates the aroma and flavor, making it slightly more sophisticated. The equal parts Aperol and Prosecco create a balanced drink, with the bitter notes of the Aperol complementing the slight sweetness and bubbles of the Prosecco. The name 'Spaghett' is playful and modern, seemingly unrelated to the drink's ingredients or flavor, which adds to its lighthearted appeal. It's an intentionally unfussy cocktail, aiming for enjoyment over complexity, making it easily replicable at home. The Spaghett cocktail is essentially a simplified, more user-friendly version of classic Italian aperitivo culture, designed for contemporary tastes.6f:T53a,The Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea is a potent variation of the classic Long Island Iced Tea, distinguished by the addition of whiskey to the standard mix of vodka, gin, rum, and tequila. This cocktail amplifies both the alcoholic content and the complexity of the original, creating a drink that is significantly stronger and more flavorful. The drink's name implies its intense kick, suggesting that a few sips can feel like a long journey. The origin of the Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea, like its predecessor, is somewhat debated, but it likely emerged as a creative adaptation within the bartending community, aiming to enhance the original's impact. The addition of whiskey contributes a smoky, oak-aged dimension that complements the other spirits. This is a drink best enjoyed responsibly, given its high alcohol content. The balance between the spirits and the sweet and sour mix is crucial; a well-made Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea should mask its strength behind a deceptively palatable flavor profile. It is a popular choice for those seeking a strong and flavorful cocktail, but due to its potency, moderation is strongly advised. It showcases how a simple tweak to a classic recipe can result in a significantly different drinking experience, appealing to those who appreciate a bolder and more complex flavor profile.70:T4ad,The Charred Orange Paloma is a modern twist on the classic Paloma cocktail, infusing smoky and citrusy notes through the use of charred orange. This preparation introduces complexity and depth of flavor, elevating the refreshing qualities of the original. The slight bitterness from the char complements the sweetness of the agave and the tartness of the lime and grapefruit soda. It is a balanced cocktail that suits warm weather or any occasion where a revitalizing and flavorful drink is desired. The charring technique enhances the orange's essential oils, creating a more aromatic and intense citrus profile, making it a distinctive and memorable experience. The careful balance of tequila, citrus, and carbonation makes the Charred Orange Paloma a complex and refreshing cocktail, perfect for those looking to explore beyond traditional offerings. Its unique flavor profile and appealing presentation make it a sophisticated choice for both casual and formal settings. This cocktail represents a thoughtful progression in mixology, highlighting how simple techniques can significantly enhance a drink's character, by adding an extra layer of smoky aroma and enhancing the refreshing quality.71:T489,The El Presidente is a classic Cuban cocktail that predates the Cuban Revolution. Its origins are somewhat debated, but it is believed to have been created in honor of a Cuban president, possibly Mario García Menocal, sometime in the early 20th century. The drink gained popularity among American tourists visiting Cuba during the Prohibition era, becoming a staple in Havana bars. The El Presidente is a sophisticated and balanced cocktail. It shares similarities with the Manhattan and Martini families, but with a distinct Cuban flair. The use of white rum distinguishes it, offering a lighter and more vibrant base compared to whiskey or gin. The original recipe likely used French vermouth (dry), but Italian vermouth (sweet) is the modern preference. A dash of grenadine adds a subtle sweetness and a touch of color, while orange curaçao contributes citrus notes and complexity. Some variations use a small amount of simple syrup in place of the grenadine. The cocktail is typically served straight up in a chilled coupe or martini glass and garnished with an orange peel. This cocktail represents a bygone era of Cuban elegance and cocktail innovation.72:T46c,The Sloe Gin Fizz is a refreshing and effervescent cocktail that highlights the unique flavor of sloe gin. Sloe gin, unlike regular gin, is made by infusing gin with sloe berries, a type of wild plum. This infusion gives sloe gin its distinctive reddish hue and a flavor profile that balances sweetness and tartness. The Sloe Gin Fizz dates back to the late 19th century, gaining popularity during the golden age of cocktails. It's a simple yet elegant drink, often enjoyed as a brunch cocktail or a light afternoon refresher. The addition of lemon juice and simple syrup balances the sweetness of the sloe gin, while the soda water adds a delightful fizz. Egg white is optional, but it provides a smoother texture and a frothy head, elevating the drink's overall presentation and mouthfeel. The Sloe Gin Fizz embodies a classic cocktail's charm, offering a delightful combination of flavors and textures in a single glass. Its enduring appeal lies in its ability to be both sophisticated and approachable, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts of all levels. The drink is not too strong, making it a nice brunch beverage.6:["$","div",null,{"className":"p-6","children":["$","div",null,{"className":"max-w-4xl mx-auto","children":[["$","h1",null,{"className":"text-4xl mb-6","children":["Cocktails with ","Fruity"," flavor"]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"grid grid-cols-1 gap-4","children":[["$","$Le","Royal Arrival",{"cocktail":{"name":"Royal Arrival","description":"The Royal Arrival is a sophisticated and celebratory cocktail, perfect for special occasions. It features the harmonious blend of gin, elderflower liqueur, fresh citrus, and a touch of sweetness, elevated by the effervescence of sparkling wine. This cocktail offers a delightful balance of floral, citrus, and subtly sweet flavors, making it a refreshing and elegant choice. The gin provides a botanical complexity, while the elderflower liqueur adds a delicate floral note. The lemon juice brings a refreshing tartness that is balanced by the simple syrup. Topped with sparkling wine, it's celebratory and refreshing. The Royal Arrival is a modern take on classic sparkling wine cocktails, ideal for toasting significant events or enjoying as a luxurious aperitif.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine gin, elderflower liqueur, lemon juice, and simple syrup in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or champagne flute. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with a lemon twist.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a botanical backbone and structure to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a floral and slightly sweet flavor that complements the gin and adds aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial sour element, balancing the sweetness and enhancing the other flavors."},{"amount":10,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the necessary sweetness to balance the acidity and round out the flavors."},{"amount":60,"name":"Sparkling Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and a touch of elegance, creating a celebratory feel and enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Cloister",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cloister","description":"The Cloister is a sophisticated cocktail that balances gin's botanical character with the sweetness of apricot liqueur and the tartness of citrus. Its origins are somewhat mysterious, but it gained popularity in the mid-20th century, celebrated for its refined flavor profile and elegant presentation. It features a harmonious blend of dry gin, apricot liqueur, lemon juice, and egg white. The egg white provides a silky texture and creamy mouthfeel, enhancing the overall drinking experience. Shaking vigorously emulsifies the egg white, creating a frothy top that is visually appealing and contributes to the cocktail's luxurious character. The Cloister is a testament to the enduring appeal of classic cocktails that prioritize balance and quality ingredients. Its layered flavors make it an excellent choice for discerning cocktail enthusiasts and those seeking a refined and memorable drink.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker without ice and dry shake vigorously to emulsify the egg white. Add ice and shake again until well-chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass. Express oils from a lemon twist over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic foundation and botanical complexity of the cocktail, delivering a dry and aromatic base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot liqueur adds a delicate stone fruit sweetness and aromatic depth, complementing the gin's botanicals and softening the overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice introduces a bright and acidic counterpoint to the gin and apricot liqueur, balancing the sweetness and providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white creates a smooth, velvety texture and a frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel and visual appeal of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Negroni Sbagliato",{"cocktail":{"name":"Negroni Sbagliato","description":"$f","historical_reference":"As told by bartender Mirko Stocchetto at Bar Basso in Milan, Italy, in 1972. Reference can be found on multiple reputable cocktail sites.","technique":"Pour Campari and Sweet Vermouth into a rocks glass filled with ice. Top with Prosecco. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange slice or zest.","garnish":"Orange slice or zest","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Campari provides the foundational bitterness and vibrant red color, contributing complex herbal and citrus notes to the cocktail's backbone."},{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet Vermouth adds a layer of sweetness and botanical complexity, balancing the bitterness of the Campari and rounding out the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":90,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco introduces a light, effervescent quality and subtle fruitiness to the cocktail, replacing the gin traditionally found in a Negroni for a lighter, more approachable drink."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Monaco",{"cocktail":{"name":"Monaco","description":"The Monaco is a refreshing and simple beer cocktail, popular in France. It's a variation of the shandy or radler, traditionally made with pale lager, lemonade or lemon-lime soda, and grenadine syrup. The grenadine adds a touch of sweetness and a vibrant color, transforming the basic beer into a visually appealing and more palatable drink, especially on a warm day. Its ease of preparation and readily available ingredients make it a widely enjoyed beverage, often served as an aperitif or a casual refreshment. The combination of the beer's slight bitterness, the grenadine's sweetness, and the lemon soda's citrusy notes create a balanced and enjoyable flavor profile. While variations exist, the core ingredients remain consistent: beer, grenadine, and lemon soda.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Pour the grenadine into a glass. Add the lemon-lime soda. Gently pour the beer on top to create a layered effect, or stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Lemon wedge or slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Light Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the body and foundation of the drink, providing a mild alcoholic base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a fruity flavor, balancing the beer's bitterness and soda's tang."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Lemon-Lime Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a refreshing citrus element and adds effervescence to the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Sweet","Citrus","Yeasty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":1,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":4,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Mai Tai",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mai Tai","description":"$10","historical_reference":"Trader Vic's Bartender's Guide, Revised Edition, Doubleday, 1972. p. 240.","technique":"Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a double rocks glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish as directed.","garnish":"Mint sprig and lime wheel, express lime peel over the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Aged Jamaican Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides depth, complexity, and funky notes characteristic of the Mai Tai, contributing to the overall structure and booziness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Aged Rhum Agricole","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds grassy, vegetal notes that blend with the other rum to produce unique and complex flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes orange peel flavors and subtle bitterness, rounding out the flavor profile and adding another layer of complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds essential acidity to balance the sweetness and brighten the flavors, preventing it from being overly heavy."},{"amount":15,"name":"Orgeat Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides almond and floral notes and delicate sweetness, it is a key flavor component in a Mai Tai."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Nutty","Citrus","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Blue Hawaii",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blue Hawaii","description":"The Blue Hawaii cocktail, with its vibrant color and tropical flavors, is a quintessential vacation drink. It was created in 1957 by Harry Yee, the legendary head bartender at the Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki in Honolulu. Yee was asked by a Dutch sales representative from Bols to create a drink that would showcase the Bols Blue Curaçao liqueur. After experimenting with various combinations, Yee landed on a mix of rum, vodka, blue curaçao, pineapple juice, and sweet and sour mix. The drink quickly gained popularity, becoming synonymous with Hawaiian tourism and the carefree spirit of the islands. Its striking blue hue, reminiscent of the Pacific Ocean, and its refreshing taste made it a favorite among tourists and locals alike. Despite its somewhat sweet and artificial flavor profile compared to modern craft cocktails, the Blue Hawaii remains a nostalgic symbol of paradise and a testament to the enduring appeal of classic tiki drinks. The cocktail's popularity endures, symbolizing exotic getaways.","historical_reference":"According to multiple sources, the Blue Hawaii was invented in 1957 by Harry Yee, head bartender at the Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki in Honolulu.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a hurricane glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and cocktail cherry. Optionally, a paper umbrella for added flair.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base and tropical character. Its neutral profile allows the other flavors to shine, while contributing a subtle sweetness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Increases the alcoholic strength and adds a clean backdrop without interfering with the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Blue Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the distinctive blue color and an orange-like flavor, adding to the drink's tropical profile. It is a type of liqueur flavored with the dried peel of the laraha citrus fruit, grown on the island of Curaçao."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet, tropical flavor and contributes to the drink's overall body and texture."},{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet and Sour Mix","unit":"ml","rationale":"Balances the sweetness of the other ingredients with acidity. This is made from equal parts lemon and lime juice and simple syrup."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","The Last Word",{"cocktail":{"name":"The Last Word","description":"$11","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide to Cocktail #12: The Last Word Cocktail. Attributed to Frank Fogarty, Detroit Athletic Club circa 1915, rediscovered by Murray Stenson in the early 2000s.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Garnish.","garnish":"Brandied cherry or lime wedge. (Optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary spirituous backbone, offering a botanical complexity of juniper, coriander, and other herbs and spices that form the cocktail's core flavor."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Green Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Green Chartreuse introduces an intensely herbal and subtly sweet complexity, contributing a unique blend of flavors from over 130 different herbs and botanicals, and acting as a crucial bridge between the gin and other ingredients."},{"amount":22,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur provides a cherry and almond flavor along with a slight sweetness which balances the other strong flavors. Luxardo is often preferred."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers a bright, tart acidity, balancing the sweetness of the liqueurs and adding a refreshing citrus element that enhances the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Citrus","Fruity","Bitter","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Americano",{"cocktail":{"name":"Americano","description":"$12","historical_reference":"Gary Regan, The Joy of Mixology (2003)","technique":"Fill a rocks glass with ice. Add Campari and sweet vermouth. Top with soda water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange peel twist.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":1,"name":"Campari","unit":"oz","rationale":"Campari provides the bitter backbone of the cocktail, offering complex herbal and citrus notes that stimulate the appetite."},{"amount":1,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"oz","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness and body, complementing the bitterness of Campari with its complex blend of herbs and spices."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":3,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"oz","rationale":"Soda water adds effervescence and dilutes the drink, reducing the overall intensity and creating a refreshing character."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Citrus","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Old Cuban",{"cocktail":{"name":"Old Cuban","description":"$13","historical_reference":"Gary Regan's 'The Joy of Mixology' (2003 edition, with later revisions). The Old Cuban cocktail was created in 2004 by Audrey Saunders at the Pegu Club in New York City.","technique":"Gently muddle mint leaves with simple syrup in a shaker. Add aged rum, lime juice, and Angostura bitters. Fill the shaker with ice and shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with a mint sprig (slapped gently to release aromas).","garnish":"Mint sprig (slapped gently to release aromas)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Aged Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aged rum provides the cocktail's foundation, contributing complex flavors of vanilla, oak, and spice that complement the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and enhance the rum's flavors, creating a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the tartness of the lime juice and complements the other ingredients, adding a touch of sweetness without overpowering the cocktail."},{"amount":6,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint contributes an aromatic, herbal note that freshens the cocktail and adds complexity to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters add depth and complexity, binding the various flavors together and adding a subtle spicy note that complements the rum."},{"amount":60,"name":"Sparkling Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sparkling wine introduces effervescence and a bright acidity that elevates the drink, adding celebratory touch."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Spicy","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Jazmin Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jazmin Sour","description":"The Jazmin Sour is a modern variation on the classic Gin Sour, distinguished by the addition of floral notes from elderflower liqueur and the incorporation of egg white for a smooth, velvety texture. The precise origin is difficult to pinpoint, as many bartenders have likely experimented with similar combinations. However, the defining characteristics remain a balance of gin, citrus, sweetness, and floral aromatics, typically incorporating elderflower liqueur such as St. Germain. The egg white is optional but contributes significantly to the drink's mouthfeel and appearance. This cocktail aims for a sophisticated flavor profile, appealing to those who enjoy floral, citrus-forward drinks with a creamy texture. Its relatively easy preparation makes it accessible for home mixologists and a delightful addition to any cocktail menu. The Jazmin Sour stands as a testament to the enduring appeal of the sour format and its adaptability to new and exciting flavor combinations.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker without ice. 2. Dry shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until chilled. 5. Double strain into a chilled coupe or sour glass. 6. Garnish with an edible flower petal or lemon twist.","garnish":"Edible flower petal or Lemon twist","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, forming the cocktail's foundation."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Elderflower liqueur introduces a distinctive floral aroma and a subtle sweetness that complements the gin and enhances the complexity of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":20,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white adds a silky smooth texture and frothy head to the cocktail, enhancing its overall mouthfeel and visual appeal. (Pasteurized recommended)"},{"amount":2,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Simple syrup provides the necessary sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice and the strength of the gin."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Fruity","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Pimm's Cup",{"cocktail":{"name":"Pimm's Cup","description":"$14","historical_reference":"The original Pimm's Cup was created in the 1840s by James Pimm at his oyster bar in London. [Source: Difford's Guide to Cocktails]","technique":"Fill a highball glass or jug with ice. Add Pimm's No. 1. Top with lemonade. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with cucumber ribbons, orange slices, strawberry halves, and a sprig of mint.","garnish":"Cucumber ribbons, orange slices, strawberry halves, and a sprig of mint.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Pimm's No. 1","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pimm's No. 1 is a gin-based liqueur that serves as the primary alcoholic component, providing a complex botanical and subtly bitter foundation to the drink."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":150,"name":"Lemonade","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemonade adds sweetness, citrus notes, and effervescence, balancing the bitterness of the Pimm's and creating a light, refreshing drink."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cucumber","unit":"slices","rationale":"Cucumber adds a refreshing, cooling element that complements the herbal and botanical notes of the Pimm's, contributing to the drink's summery character."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange","unit":"slices","rationale":"Orange contributes a bright, citrusy aroma and flavor that enhances the overall complexity and freshness of the cocktail."},{"amount":2,"name":"Strawberry","unit":"halves","rationale":"Strawberry provides a touch of sweetness and fruity aroma, complementing the other fruit components and adding to the drink's summery appeal."},{"amount":5,"name":"Mint","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint adds a refreshing, aromatic lift that enhances the herbal complexity of the Pimm's and contributes to the drink's overall appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Spicy","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Tequila Sunrise",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tequila Sunrise","description":"$15","historical_reference":"Dale DeGroff, 'The Craft of the Cocktail' (2002) mentions the modern Tequila Sunrise gaining popularity in the 1970s, coinciding with the Eagles' song and the Rolling Stones' endorsement.","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice. 2. Add Tequila. 3. Top with orange juice. 4. Gently pour grenadine down the side of the glass so it settles at the bottom, creating the sunrise effect. Do not stir. 5. Garnish with an orange slice and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice and a maraschino cherry. The orange slice adds a citrus aroma and visual appeal, while the cherry complements the sweetness of the grenadine.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic agave flavor. It also contributes to the drink's overall 'booziness'."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine sinks to the bottom, creating the 'sunrise' effect and adds a distinct sweetness and slight tartness from the pomegranate base."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice contributes the primary sweet and citrus notes, diluting the alcohol and adding volume to the drink. It provides the main body of flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sweet","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Breakfast Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Breakfast Martini","description":"$16","historical_reference":"Created by Salvatore Calabrese at the Library Bar in the Lanesborough Hotel, London, in the late 1990s. (Source: Difford's Guide). Some sources cite 1996.","technique":"1. Chill a martini glass.\n2. Add orange marmalade, gin, orange liqueur, and lemon juice to a shaker with ice.\n3. Shake well until chilled.\n4. Double strain into the chilled martini glass.\n5. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and discard.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and discarded (optional: lightly sugar rim)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, forming the foundation of the cocktail's flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":10,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur enhances the citrus notes and adds additional sweetness and aromatic complexity, complementing the marmalade."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Orange Marmalade","unit":"bar spoon","rationale":"Marmalade introduces a complex bittersweet orange flavor and a touch of sweetness, acting as a unique and defining ingredient."},{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds a crucial sour element, balancing the sweetness of the marmalade and gin and providing overall brightness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Bitter","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Aguaymanto Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Aguaymanto Sour","description":"The Aguaymanto Sour is a vibrant twist on the classic Pisco Sour, incorporating the unique tart and slightly sweet flavor of aguaymanto (goldenberry). This cocktail offers a refreshing and exotic alternative to the traditional sour, appealing to those seeking new and interesting flavor combinations. The aguaymanto not only contributes a distinctive taste but also a beautiful golden hue to the drink. It embodies the essence of Peruvian mixology, blending traditional ingredients with indigenous fruits to create a modern and exciting cocktail experience. The balance of sweet, sour, and spirituous notes makes it a delightful and memorable drink, showcasing the versatility of pisco and the richness of Peruvian flavors. Served chilled, it's the perfect refreshment for any occasion, inviting both the adventurous and traditional cocktail enthusiasts to explore the flavors of Peru.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker without ice. Dry shake vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify the egg white. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass.","garnish":"3 drops of Angostura bitters, Aguaymanto fruit half","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pisco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pisco provides the foundational alcoholic strength and traditional Peruvian flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Aguaymanto Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aguaymanto puree delivers the primary fruity, tart, and slightly sweet flavor characteristic of the cocktail."},{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness and complementing the pisco."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lime and tartness of the aguaymanto."},{"amount":1,"name":"Egg White","unit":"pc","rationale":"Egg white provides a creamy texture and frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Stinger",{"cocktail":{"name":"Stinger","description":"$17","historical_reference":"First appears in print in Tom Bullock's 'The Ideal Bartender' in 1917. Bullock calls for brandy and white creme de menthe, shaken, strained and served straight up.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. In a mixing glass filled with ice, combine the cognac and crème de menthe. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Serve straight up.","garnish":"None, or a few mint leaves","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac provides the base flavor and alcoholic content, offering a rich, fruity, and complex character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"White Crème de Menthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de Menthe provides a strong mint flavor and sweetness, complementing the cognac and creating the signature refreshing character."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Mint","Herbal","Vanilla","Fruity","Chocolate"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":1,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Mr. Bali Hai",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mr. Bali Hai","description":"The Mr. Bali Hai is a classic tiki cocktail known for its complex blend of rum, coffee liqueur, and spices. Created at the Bali Hai Restaurant on Shelter Island in San Diego, California, this drink embodies the exotic flavors and escapism of the tiki culture that was very popular in the mid-20th century. The drink itself is a harmonious blend of rich coffee notes with a subtle spiced complexity, which blends wonderfully with the rum, creating a truly unique taste. The presentation, often featuring a distinctive Mr. Bali Hai mug, further adds to its allure. The Mr. Bali Hai's appeal comes from the skillful blending of its distinct flavors, achieving balance and depth without any single flavor overpowering the others. Its creation reflects the creativity and flair of the tiki era, designed to offer an immersive tropical experience. The use of high-quality ingredients and attention to detail in its preparation ensure a consistently satisfying and memorable cocktail.","historical_reference":"The Mr. Bali Hai was created at the Bali Hai Restaurant on Shelter Island in San Diego, California, opened in 1955. Source: Bali Hai Restaurant archives.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a Mr. Bali Hai mug filled with crushed ice.","garnish":"A Mr. Bali Hai mug (or suitable tiki mug) with a pineapple spear, a cocktail umbrella, and a fresh orchid.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a robust and molasses-rich base, contributing to the cocktail's depth and boozy backbone. The dark rum delivers dark fruit and caramel notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Coffee Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a rich coffee flavor that provides a distinct characteristic and depth to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Offers a sweet, tropical element that complements the rum and spice notes. Adds a necessary acidity to balance the sweetness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds necessary acidity to balance the sweetness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Adds layers of complexity, and balances the sweetness of the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Coffee","Spicy","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Planter's Punch",{"cocktail":{"name":"Planter's Punch","description":"Planter's Punch is a classic rum cocktail with a vibrant history, said to have originated in Jamaica. Its recipe is traditionally based on a rhyme: 'One of Sour, Two of Sweet, Three of Strong, Four of Weak.' This refers to lime juice, sugar, rum, and water (or other non-alcoholic mixers). The punch became popular in hotels and resorts throughout the Caribbean and eventually spread worldwide. There are countless variations, often incorporating fruit juices, spices, and liqueurs. The drink is closely associated with hospitality and relaxation, embodying the spirit of the islands. The specific origin is debated, with claims tracing back to the Myers' Rum plantation or the Planters Hotel in St. Louis, Missouri, both in the 19th century. Regardless of its exact roots, Planter's Punch represents a long-standing tradition of Caribbean rum cocktails.","historical_reference":"Beachbum Berry's 'Remixed' (2010) provides comprehensive research on the drink's history and variations.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Orange slice, cherry, and optionally a pineapple wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides the foundational boozy element and rich molasses notes characteristic of Planter's Punch."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Angostura bitters adds complexity, a subtle bitterness, and aromatic spice notes that tie the flavors together."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice contributes essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine provides sweetness, a vibrant red color, and a subtle fruity flavor that complements the other ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice adds sweetness, body, and enhances the fruity notes."},{"amount":30,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes sweetness, tropical flavor, and a slight tang."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Fish House Punch",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fish House Punch","description":"$18","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, \"Punch: The Delights (and Dangers) of the Flowing Bowl\" (2010)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a large punch bowl. Add a large block of ice. Stir well until chilled and slightly diluted. Let sit for at least 1 hour for flavors to meld. Add lemon slices and/or grated nutmeg before serving. Ladle into punch glasses or cups.","garnish":"Lemon slices and/or grated nutmeg floated on top.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":250,"name":"Dark Jamaican Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a rich, molasses-driven base with funky notes that are essential to the punch's character."},{"amount":250,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and complexity with its fruity, oaky, and slightly spicy profile, complementing the rum."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":250,"name":"Peach Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a distinct stone fruit aroma and flavor that balances the stronger notes of the rum and cognac."},{"amount":375,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides essential acidity to balance the sweetness and enhance the other flavors."},{"amount":250,"name":"Simple Syrup (1:1)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness to achieve overall flavor balance. Can be adjusted to taste."},{"amount":750,"name":"Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dilutes the mixture, controlling the overall strength and drinkability. Also contributes to the punch's overall volume."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Woody","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Singapore Sling",{"cocktail":{"name":"Singapore Sling","description":"$19","historical_reference":"The Singapore Sling was created by bartender Ngiam Tong Boon at the Raffles Hotel in Singapore around 1915. - https://www.raffles.com/singapore/raffles-history/#:~:text=The%20Raffles%20Hotel%20Singapore%20is,by%20bartender%20Ngiam%20Tong%20Boon. [Accessed Oct 26, 2023]","technique":"1. Chill a sling glass or hurricane glass. 2. In a cocktail shaker, combine gin, cherry liqueur, Cointreau, Benedictine, pineapple juice, lime juice, and grenadine. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until the shaker is well-chilled. 5. Strain into the chilled glass filled with ice. 6. Top with a dash of Angostura bitters.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the foundational flavor profile with its botanical complexity, lending a dry and aromatic base."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Cherry Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and a distinctive cherry flavor, contributing to the cocktail's signature pink hue."},{"amount":8,"name":"Cointreau","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a citrusy orange note, enhancing the complexity and aroma of the drink."},{"amount":8,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brings herbal and honeyed undertones, adding depth and sophistication to the flavor profile."},{"amount":120,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the primary fruity component, providing a tropical sweetness and body to the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Balances the sweetness with acidity, adding a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Enhances the color and adds a touch of sweetness and pomegranate flavor."},{"amount":1,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Adds a layer of aromatic complexity and bitterness that balances the sweetness and enhances other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Cobra's Fang",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cobra's Fang","description":"The Cobra's Fang is a potent and complex tiki cocktail known for its layers of flavor and significant alcoholic kick. It's a drink that balances sweet, sour, and spicy elements, with a prominent rum presence enhanced by the herbal and citrus notes of the other ingredients. The Cobra's Fang is thought to have originated in the mid-20th century during the height of the tiki craze, though its exact provenance is debated. Many credit Don the Beachcomber or Trader Vic with creating variations of this multi-layered drink. It stands out due to its unique combination of rums, spices, and citrus, making it a favorite among tiki enthusiasts who appreciate bold flavors and complexity. Due to the strength and complexity of this beverage, it makes a great conversation starter, a sure way to impress your friends. It is often served in a large format, such as a punch bowl, to be shared among a group.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. 3. Strain into a large tiki mug or glass filled with ice. 4. Garnish with a mint sprig, an orange slice, and a cherry.","garnish":"Mint sprig, orange slice, and a cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides a deep, molasses-rich base with caramelized sugar notes, contributing to the cocktail's overall complexity and booziness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Passion Fruit Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Passion fruit syrup contributes a unique tropical flavor and sweetness, enhancing the exotic character of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Falernum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Falernum, with its spice notes of ginger, clove, and almond, adds depth and complexity to the tiki drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice adds a citrusy sweetness and a vibrant color to the drink, complementing the rum and other tropical flavors."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides acidity and balances the sweetness, creating a refreshing and tart counterpoint."},{"amount":1,"name":"Dash Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Angostura bitters add a layer of spice and complexity, enhancing the overall depth of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Agua de Valencia",{"cocktail":{"name":"Agua de Valencia","description":"$1a","historical_reference":"First created in 1959 at Cafe Madrid in Valencia, Spain, by Constante Gil. Source: various Spanish culinary blogs and historical accounts of Valencian bars. No definitive single primary source available.","technique":"Combine gin, vodka, orange juice, and simple syrup (if using) in a pitcher. Stir well to combine. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or preferably overnight, to allow the flavors to meld. Just before serving, top with chilled cava. Stir gently to combine. Pour into champagne flutes or wine glasses. Garnish with an orange slice or zest.","garnish":"Orange slice or zest, or optionally a few grapes.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides a botanical backbone and aromatic complexity, contributing dry and herbal notes."},{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka contributes a clean alcoholic base, adding strength without overpowering the other flavors, making it a neutral spirit amplifier."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adding a small quantity of simple syrup can balance the orange juice. The amount needed can change depending on orange juice acidity/sweetness."},{"amount":100,"name":"Cava","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cava adds effervescence, dryness, and a celebratory element, balancing the sweetness and adding complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":150,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice provides the dominant citrus flavor, sweetness, and vibrant color, creating a refreshing base."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Sherry Cobbler",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sherry Cobbler","description":"$1b","historical_reference":"Mentioned in Jerry Thomas's 'How to Mix Drinks' (1862) and widely popular throughout the 19th century.","technique":"In a shaker, muddle sugar with water until sugar is dissolved. Add Oloroso sherry. Fill the shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a tall glass filled with shaved or crushed ice. Garnish generously with assorted fresh fruit and a mint sprig. Dust with powdered sugar.","garnish":"Assorted fresh fruit (berries, orange slices, lemon slices), mint sprig, powdered sugar dusting","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":90,"name":"Oloroso Sherry","unit":"ml","rationale":"Oloroso sherry provides the primary alcoholic backbone and complex nutty, caramel, and dried fruit notes that define the cocktail's flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Sugar","unit":"tsp","rationale":"Sugar provides the necessary sweetness to balance the sherry's dryness and enhance the overall palatability of the cocktail."},{"amount":3,"name":"Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Water helps to dissolve the sugar and dilute the drink slightly, creating a smoother and more refreshing texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Nutty","Woody","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Rabo-de-galo",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rabo-de-galo","description":"$1c","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cachaça and sweet vermouth in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and optionally drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and optionally placed in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the spirituous base, offering a complex flavor profile of grassy, vegetal, and fruity notes, characteristic of Brazilian sugarcane spirit. It forms the backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":50,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth introduces sweetness, herbal notes, and a rich, slightly bitter undertone, balancing the cachaça's strength. It adds depth and complexity to the cocktail, creating a harmonious blend of flavors."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Bitter","Fruity","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Brut",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brut","description":"The Brut cocktail is a simple yet elegant drink that highlights the dryness of sparkling wine, typically Brut Champagne or a similar dry sparkling wine. It is characterized by its crisp, refreshing taste, making it an ideal aperitif or celebratory beverage. The drink's history is somewhat intertwined with the broader history of Champagne cocktails, which gained popularity in the 19th century. While not as elaborate as some of its contemporaries, the Brut cocktail stands out for its minimalist approach, focusing on the quality of its core ingredients to deliver a sophisticated and balanced drinking experience. Its simplicity allows the effervescence and flavor nuances of the sparkling wine to shine through, offering a clean and invigorating palate. The addition of gin adds a layer of botanical complexity that elevates the drink beyond a simple glass of sparkling wine. The Brut cocktail represents a classic example of how a few well-chosen ingredients can create a memorable and enjoyable drink.","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide. (n.d.). Brut Cocktail. Retrieved from [https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/252/brut-cocktail](https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/252/brut-cocktail)","technique":"Chill a coupe or champagne flute. Add gin and simple syrup to the glass. Top with chilled Brut Champagne. Gently express the oils of a lemon twist over the drink and drop it into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist; expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary flavor profile and alcoholic backbone. London Dry Gin is preferred for its dryness and botanical complexity, which complements the sparkling wine."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a touch of sweetness to balance the dryness of the sparkling wine and gin. The small amount ensures that the drink remains predominantly dry."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Brut Champagne","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the effervescence, dryness, and characteristic flavor notes of apple and citrus. It forms the bulk of the drink and defines its overall character."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Dry","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":2}}}],["$","$Le","Whiskey Smash",{"cocktail":{"name":"Whiskey Smash","description":"$1d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. In a shaker, gently muddle the mint leaves, lemon wedges, and simple syrup. Avoid over-muddling the mint, which can make it bitter. 2. Add the bourbon to the shaker. 3. Fill the shaker with ice. 4. Shake well until chilled. 5. Double strain into an Old Fashioned glass filled with crushed ice. 6. Garnish with a fresh mint sprig and a citrus wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and a citrus wedge or wheel (e.g., lemon, orange)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the primary alcoholic base and characteristic oak and vanilla flavors, forming the backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a refreshing, aromatic element that complements the whiskey and brightens the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the tartness of the citrus and adds necessary sweetness for a harmonious blend."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Wedges","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon adds a tart, citrusy element that balances the sweetness and enhances the overall brightness of the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Woody","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Batida",{"cocktail":{"name":"Batida","description":"The Batida is a popular category of Brazilian cocktails characterized by the blending of a base spirit (typically cachaça), fruit juice or purée, and sweetener. The name 'Batida' translates to 'shaken' or 'beaten,' referring to the preparation method. While there are countless variations depending on the fruit used, the core components remain consistent. It represents a vibrant expression of Brazilian culture and flavors. This differs from the Caipirinha, which typically does not use juice. Batidas are commonly enjoyed during festive occasions, beach gatherings, and casual social events, showcasing the accessibility and adaptability of Brazilian mixology. It's a refreshing and customizable drink, allowing for a wide range of flavor combinations.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cachaça, fruit juice or purée, and sweetener in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish appropriately. Serve immediately.","garnish":"Fruit wedge or wheel, appropriate for the fruit used in the drink, for example, a lime wedge for a lime batida.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the fundamental alcoholic base and distinctive Brazilian flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Fruit Juice or Purée","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary flavor element of the cocktail, introduces sweetness, and contributes to the texture and color."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup or Sweetener","unit":"ml","rationale":"Balances the acidity of the fruit and enhances overall sweetness; adjust amount to taste."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Glögg",{"cocktail":{"name":"Glögg","description":"$1e","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine red wine, brandy, cinnamon sticks, cloves, cardamom pods, raisins, blanched almonds, sugar, and orange peel in a large pot. Heat gently over low heat, ensuring the mixture does not boil. Simmer for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Strain the Glögg to remove the spices and orange peel. Serve warm in mugs, garnishing each serving with a fresh orange peel and a few raisins and almonds.","garnish":"Orange peel and a few raisins and blanched almonds in each serving mug","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":250,"name":"Red Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base and body, contributing fruity and tannic notes essential for the cocktail's foundation."},{"amount":50,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a layer of warmth and complexity, enhancing the overall booziness and introducing subtle fruit and oak characteristics to complement the wine."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Cinnamon Sticks","unit":"pc","rationale":"Contributes warm, sweet, and slightly woody notes, adding a foundational spice element to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":10,"name":"Whole Cloves","unit":"pc","rationale":"Provides a pungent, aromatic spice with warm and slightly bitter undertones, essential for the characteristic Glögg spice blend."},{"amount":10,"name":"Cardamom Pods","unit":"pc","rationale":"Adds a complex, floral, and slightly citrusy spice note, enhancing the aromatic complexity of the drink."},{"amount":25,"name":"Raisins","unit":"g","rationale":"Impart sweetness and a chewy texture, contributing a fruity counterpoint to the spices and enriching the body of the drink."},{"amount":25,"name":"Blanched Almonds","unit":"g","rationale":"Provide a subtle nutty flavor and a pleasant textural contrast, complementing the sweetness and spice notes."},{"amount":25,"name":"Granulated Sugar","unit":"g","rationale":"Balances the acidity of the wine and enhances the sweetness, contributing to the overall palatability of the drink."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange Peel","unit":"strip","rationale":"Adds a bright, citrusy aroma and flavor, providing a refreshing element to the warm, spiced profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Spicy","Warm","Sweet","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Porn Star Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Porn Star Martini","description":"$1f","historical_reference":"First created in 2002 by Douglas Ankrah at LAB Bar in London.","technique":"1. Chill a martini glass. 2. In a shaker, combine vodka, passion fruit puree, vanilla liqueur, and lime juice. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until the shaker is well-chilled. 5. Double strain into the chilled martini glass. 6. Garnish with half a fresh passion fruit, floated on top. 7. Serve with a shot of chilled Prosecco on the side.","garnish":"Half a fresh passion fruit, floated on top of the drink. Serve with a shot of chilled Prosecco on the side.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides the neutral alcoholic backbone for the cocktail, allowing the other flavors to shine. It adds strength without overpowering the overall profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Vanilla Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vanilla liqueur enhances the sweetness and adds a creamy vanilla note that complements the tart passion fruit, creating a smooth and balanced flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Passion Fruit Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Passion fruit puree delivers the distinctive tropical and tart notes that are central to the Porn Star Martini's flavor profile. It contributes to the cocktail's body and provides a natural sweetness and acidity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice adds a crucial element of acidity, balancing the sweetness of the passion fruit and liqueurs. It brightens the overall flavor and provides a refreshing zest."},{"amount":50,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco is served as a side component to the cocktail, with its effervescence providing a refreshing contrast to the drink's other components."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Vanilla","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Ramos Gin Fizz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ramos Gin Fizz","description":"$20","historical_reference":"The cocktail was invented in 1888 by Henry C. Ramos at his bar, the Imperial Cabinet Saloon, in New Orleans. (Source: David Wondrich, Imbibe!)","technique":"1. Chill a Collins glass. 2. In a shaker, combine gin, heavy cream, lemon juice, lime juice, egg white, orange flower water, and sugar. 3. Dry shake (without ice) vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 4. Add ice to the shaker and shake again vigorously for at least 1 minute, or until the shaker is very cold. 5. Strain the mixture into the chilled Collins glass. 6. Slowly top with soda water to create a frothy head, pouring in a thin stream. 7. Allow the foam to rise above the rim of the glass. 8. Optional spritz of orange flower water on top. 9. Garnish.","garnish":"Orange blossom water spritz and floated edible flowers such as pansies or violets","allergens":["dairy","egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing juniper, citrus, and herbal notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":3,"name":"Orange Flower Water","unit":"drops","rationale":"Orange flower water adds a delicate floral aroma and flavor, characteristic of the Ramos Gin Fizz. A small amount is sufficient."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Heavy Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Heavy cream provides richness and contributes to the creamy texture of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds acidity and brightness, balancing the sweetness and creaminess of the other ingredients."},{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice complements the lemon juice, adding further complexity and tartness to the citrus profile."},{"amount":1,"name":"Egg White","unit":"pc","rationale":"Egg white emulsifies during shaking, creating a frothy texture and smooth mouthfeel. Use pasteurized egg whites to reduce risk."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds effervescence and lightens the body of the drink."},{"amount":2,"name":"Sugar","unit":"tsp","rationale":"Sugar enhances the sweetening components and ensures the drink's balanced sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Creamy","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":9,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Bellini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bellini","description":"$21","historical_reference":"Arrigo Cipriani, Harry's Bar, Venice, 1948.","technique":"Pour the white peach puree into a chilled flute glass. Gently top with Prosecco, ensuring it doesn't overflow. Stir lightly to combine. Add garnish if desired.","garnish":"Optional: Peach slice or raspberry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":100,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco provides the effervescence and forms the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, contributing to its light and refreshing character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"White Peach Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"White peach puree contributes the dominant fruity sweetness, aroma, and subtle acidity, providing the signature Bellini flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Macuá",{"cocktail":{"name":"Macuá","description":"$22","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Orange wheel or plantain chip","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rum (Flor de Caña 4 Year)","unit":"ml","rationale":"The rum provides the base spirit, contributing a light body and subtle sweetness with hints of vanilla and caramel derived from barrel aging."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Guava Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Guava juice delivers the characteristic tropical fruit flavor, contributing sweetness and a slightly tart edge."},{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides acidity, balancing the sweetness of the rum and guava, and adding a refreshing citrus note."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the tartness of the lime and guava, creating a harmonious flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Airmail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Airmail","description":"$23","historical_reference":"First appeared in Esquire's 1949 Handbook for Hosts.","technique":"Chill a coupe or champagne glass. In a shaker, combine the rum, lime juice, and simple syrup. Add ice and shake well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Top with sparkling wine. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Optional: Lime wedge or a thin strip of orange peel.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rum provides the primary alcoholic base, contributing to the drink's overall strength and adding a slightly sweet, molasses-like character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing citrusy note that enhances the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup contributes sweetness, harmonizing with the sourness of the lime juice and complementing the rum's inherent sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Bramble",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bramble","description":"The Bramble, created in 1980s London by Dick Bradsell at Fred's Club, is a modern classic celebrated for its balance of sweet, sour, and herbaceous notes. Bradsell's inspiration stemmed from his childhood memories of foraging for blackberries on the Isle of Wight. The cocktail uses dry gin as its base, brightened with fresh lemon juice and sweetened with simple syrup. The crowning touch is a drizzle of crème de mûre (blackberry liqueur), which cascades through the drink, resembling brambles in a thorny bush. The Bramble is a versatile drink, easily adaptable to different gins and fruit liqueurs. Its enduring popularity lies in its simplicity and the way it showcases the interplay between the spirit, citrus, and fruit. It is typically served over crushed ice, which further dilutes the drink and enhances its refreshing qualities, making it an ideal choice for warmer weather or as an aperitif.","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide states that Dick Bradsell created the Bramble in London in the 1980s.","technique":"Fill an Old Fashioned glass with crushed ice. Add the gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Stir gently to combine. Drizzle the Crème de Mûre over the top of the crushed ice, allowing it to cascade down. Garnish with fresh blackberries and a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Fresh blackberries and a lemon wedge.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical complexity and alcoholic backbone, crucial for balancing the sweet and sour elements."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Crème de Mûre","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de Mûre infuses the cocktail with intense blackberry flavor, adds depth of color and complexity, and sweetens."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness, creating a refreshing and zesty counterpoint."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness, harmonizing the sourness of the lemon juice and complementing the fruit liqueur."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Piña Colada",{"cocktail":{"name":"Piña Colada","description":"The Piña Colada, meaning 'strained pineapple,' is a sweet, rum-based cocktail originating from Puerto Rico. Its creation is disputed between Ramón 'Monchito' Marrero, a bartender at the Caribe Hilton Hotel in San Juan, who claimed to have invented it in 1954, and Ricardo Garcia, who claimed it was an iteration of a drink he created earlier, the Coco-Loco, in 1952 at the same hotel. Regardless of the exact origin, the Piña Colada quickly gained popularity as a symbol of tropical relaxation and vacation. Its creamy texture and sweet, fruity flavor made it a favorite among tourists and locals alike. The cocktail became an official drink of Puerto Rico in 1978, solidifying its cultural significance. Today, the Piña Colada remains a beloved classic, enjoyed worldwide as a refreshing and indulgent treat, epitomizing the flavors of the Caribbean.","historical_reference":"While the exact originator is disputed, both Ramon 'Monchito' Marrero and Ricardo Garcia, bartenders at the Caribe Hilton in Puerto Rico, are credited with creating versions of the drink in the 1950s. It became the official drink of Puerto Rico in 1978.","technique":"Combine white rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish with a pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a Maraschino cherry. Optionally, a paper umbrella can be added for visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic base and characteristic Caribbean flavor. It adds a subtle sweetness and allows the other ingredients to shine."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":100,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice delivers the primary fruity sweetness and tropical essence of the cocktail. Its acidity balances the richness of the coconut cream."},{"amount":50,"name":"Cream of Coconut","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cream of coconut provides the creamy texture and rich coconut flavor that defines the Piña Colada. It adds sweetness and body to the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Creamy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Black Velvet",{"cocktail":{"name":"Black Velvet","description":"The Black Velvet cocktail is a simple yet intriguing mix of stout (typically Guinness) and champagne. It is said to have originated in 1861 at Brooks's Club in London, supposedly created to mourn the death of Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's consort. The drink was intended to represent the mourning black of the royal family, combining the perceived sophistication of champagne with the working-class appeal of stout. Its preparation involves carefully layering the stout on top of the champagne in a glass, creating a visually appealing drink. The Black Velvet offers a unique flavor profile, blending the dry, bubbly notes of champagne with the roasted, creamy character of stout. Despite its unusual combination, the drink has gained popularity over time, appreciated for its novelty and balanced taste. Though traditionally made with Guinness, other stouts can be used depending on preference.","historical_reference":"Though hard to pinpoint to a specific publication, historical accounts attribute the drink's creation to Brooks's Club in London, 1861 in mourning of Prince Albert","technique":"1. Chill both stout and champagne. 2. Gently pour chilled champagne into a flute glass, filling halfway. 3. Slowly pour the chilled stout over the back of a spoon so that it layers on top of the champagne, filling the glass. Be careful to maintain the separation of the liquids.","garnish":"None","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":90,"name":"Champagne","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and dry, fruity notes, providing the primary body and alcoholic content."},{"amount":90,"name":"Stout","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a rich, malty flavor with roasted and bitter notes, balancing the sweetness of the champagne and adding depth."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Yeasty","Bitter","Roasted","Fruity","Creamy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":6,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Tom Collins",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tom Collins","description":"The Tom Collins is a classic gin-based cocktail that embodies refreshment and balance. Its origins are somewhat murky, with several stories vying for its creation. One popular narrative traces the drink back to a London head waiter named John Collins, working in the 1820s at Limmer's Hotel. It's said that he crafted a refreshing gin punch that became a favorite among patrons and was later named after him. Another anecdote attributes the drink's creation to a bartender of the same name, who worked at a hotel in New York in the 1870s. Whatever its true origins, the Tom Collins gained immense popularity in the late 19th century and has remained a beloved classic ever since. The drink became incredibly popular in 1874 when it was mentioned in a hoax that spread across New York, blaming a 'Tom Collins' for spreading malicious rumours.","historical_reference":"The earliest recipes for a 'John Collins' appeared in the 1869 Steward and Barkeeper's Manual by Harry Johnson. The use of Old Tom Gin became standard, leading to the name 'Tom Collins'. (1869)","technique":"In a Collins glass filled with ice, combine gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Stir well to combine. Top with club soda. Gently stir again to incorporate the soda. Garnish with a lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical flavors and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice contributes acidity, brightness, and a tangy counterpoint to the gin and sugar."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness and balances the tartness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":100,"name":"Club Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Club soda provides effervescence and dilutes the mixture, creating a refreshing, light, and bubbly drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Spritzer",{"cocktail":{"name":"Spritzer","description":"$24","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a wine glass with ice. Add white wine and simple syrup. Top with sparkling water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with a slice of lemon or lime, or a sprig of mint.","garnish":"Slice of lemon or lime, or a sprig of mint","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and foundational flavor profile, often light and crisp, setting the stage for other elements."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Sparkling Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and dilutes the wine, creating a lighter and more refreshing drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds a touch of sweetness to balance the acidity of the wine and sparkling water."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Grassy","Yeasty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":3,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Smoky Paloma",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoky Paloma","description":"The Smoky Paloma is a sophisticated twist on the classic Paloma cocktail, incorporating the rich and smoky flavors of mezcal. This variation elevates the traditional grapefruit soda-based drink, offering a more complex and intriguing taste experience. The addition of lime juice provides a tangy counterpoint to the mezcal's smokiness, while agave nectar balances the sourness with a touch of sweetness. A pinch of salt enhances the overall flavor profile, bringing out the individual components and creating a harmonious blend. The Smoky Paloma is perfect for those who appreciate a well-balanced cocktail with a smoky edge, making it an excellent choice for both casual gatherings and more formal occasions. This cocktail is a celebration of traditional Mexican flavors, reimagined with a modern twist, resulting in a refreshing and memorable drink that is sure to impress.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If desired, rim a highball glass with salt. 2. Fill the glass with ice. 3. Add mezcal, lime juice, and agave nectar. 4. Top with grapefruit soda. 5. Gently stir to combine. 6. Garnish with a grapefruit wedge.","garnish":"Grapefruit wedge and salt rim (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Mezcal","unit":"ml","rationale":"Mezcal provides the smoky base, adding complexity and depth to the cocktail's flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides essential acidity to balance the sweetness and smokiness."},{"amount":7,"name":"Agave Nectar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Agave nectar adds sweetness, complementing the mezcal and lime."},{"amount":120,"name":"Grapefruit Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grapefruit soda provides the effervescence and characteristic grapefruit flavor of a Paloma."},{"amount":1,"name":"Pinch of Salt","unit":"pinch","rationale":"Salt enhances the overall flavor and balances the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Citrus","Fruity","Salty","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Wolfram",{"cocktail":{"name":"Wolfram","description":"$25","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled, about 20 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and drop it in.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey forms the backbone of the drink, providing a spicy and robust character that complements the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Cherry Heering","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cherry Heering provides a rich, cherry-forward sweetness that complements the rye whiskey and adds a luxurious depth to the drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Benedictine introduces a complex herbal and honeyed sweetness that ties all the flavors together, adding a sophisticated and intriguing layer."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds a necessary tartness that balances the sweetness and cuts through the richness of the other ingredients, enhancing the overall drink's brightness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters adds a layer of aromatic complexity and a subtle bitterness that enhances the depth of the flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Grog",{"cocktail":{"name":"Grog","description":"$26","historical_reference":"Vice Admiral Edward Vernon's order in 1740, diluting rum with water on British Royal Navy ships, is the documented origin of Grog.","technique":"Combine dark rum, hot water, lime juice, and sugar in a mug. Stir well until the sugar is dissolved. Garnish with an orange slice and a cinnamon stick. Serve hot.","garnish":"Orange slice and a cinnamon stick","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides the primary alcoholic base and complex molasses-derived flavors, contributing to the drink's depth and warmth."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Hot Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Hot water serves as the diluent, reducing the spirit's intensity and creating a warming effect, essential for a comforting drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides acidity, balancing the sweetness and rum's richness while also offering a vital source of vitamin C to prevent scurvy."},{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar","unit":"tsp","rationale":"Sugar enhances the overall palatability, softening the rum's harshness and harmonizing with the citrus notes to deliver a more rounded flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Tropical","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Rose Kennedy",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rose Kennedy","description":"The Rose Kennedy cocktail is a refreshing and subtly sweet drink, named in honor of Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy, the matriarch of the Kennedy family. It is believed to have originated sometime in the mid-20th century, although precise details of its creation are scarce. This cocktail is appreciated for its simplicity, employing only a few ingredients to create a balanced and flavorful experience. The use of white rum provides a light and clean base, while the rose water contributes a delicate floral aroma and flavor. The lime juice adds a necessary tartness, balancing the sweetness and creating a refreshing quality. A touch of grenadine can be included for extra sweetness and adds to the delicate pink hue of the drink. It is a classic cocktail of choice for garden parties, brunches, or casual evenings, offering a refined yet approachable drinking experience. The Rose Kennedy cocktail embodies understated elegance and timeless appeal.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Lime wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone, contributing subtle sweetness and a light body."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Enhances the sweetness, adds flavor and brings a delicate rosy color."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"The sour component which balances the sweetness of the rum and rose water."},{"amount":2,"name":"Rose Water","unit":"drops","rationale":"Contributes a delicate floral aroma and flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Peach Bellini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Peach Bellini","description":"The Smoked Peach Bellini elevates the classic Bellini with a smoky depth that intertwines beautifully with the sweet and juicy peach. The traditional Bellini, a simple mix of peach puree and Prosecco, was invented at Harry's Bar in Venice, Italy, sometime between 1934 and 1948. Giuseppe Cipriani, the founder of Harry's Bar, named it after the artist Giovanni Bellini, as the drink's pink hue reminded him of Bellini's paintings. This variation introduces a modern twist by smoking the peaches before pureeing them, adding layers of complexity and intrigue to the familiar flavor profile. The smoking process enhances the peach's sweetness and adds an earthy dimension that creates a sophisticated and memorable cocktail. It's a perfect balance of tradition and innovation, ideal for brunches, celebrations, or any occasion that calls for a touch of elegance and unexpected flavor.","historical_reference":null,"technique":"1. Smoke fresh peaches using a smoker or by placing peach halves cut-side up in a foil pan and smoking with wood chips for approximately 1-2 hours, depending on the intensity of smoke desired. Cool the peaches. 2. Blend the smoked peaches into a smooth puree. Strain if desired. 3. In a chilled champagne flute, gently pour in the smoked peach puree. 4. Add the peach liqueur. 5. Top with chilled Prosecco, pouring slowly to maintain the bubbles. 6. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Thin peach slice, gently fanned on the rim of the glass. Optionally, add a small sprig of fresh thyme.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco provides the celebratory effervescence and a light fruity base, complementing the peach flavor without overpowering it. Its dry style balances the sweetness of the peach puree."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":5,"name":"Peach Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Peach liqueur (e.g., crème de pêche) enhances the peach flavor and adds a touch of sweetness. It complements the smoked peach puree."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"Smoked Peach Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Smoked peach puree provides the cocktail's primary flavor. The smoking process enhances the sweetness and adds a smoky depth, creating a unique taste."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Smoky","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Monkey Gland",{"cocktail":{"name":"Monkey Gland","description":"$27","historical_reference":"Harry MacElhone, Harry's ABC of Mixing Cocktails (1919) - Variations appear in later editions of the book through the 1930s. The cocktail is named after Serge Voronoff's rejuvenation therapy from the early 1900s. Voronoff grafted monkey testicle tissue onto men to increase libido and vitality - as a treatment for aging.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed and dropped in","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing a dry and aromatic profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe contributes a subtle anise aroma and a touch of bitterness, adding complexity and depth to the overall flavor."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine lends a sweet and slightly tart flavor, contributing to the cocktail's vibrant red color and balancing the other ingredients."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice provides essential acidity and a citrusy sweetness to balance the gin and grenadine."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Sex on the Beach",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sex on the Beach","description":"$28","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice cubes.\n2. Add vodka, peach schnapps, cranberry juice, and orange juice.\n3. Stir gently to combine.\n4. Garnish with an orange slice or a cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice or cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides the alcoholic backbone and a neutral canvas for the other flavors to shine, offering a clean and crisp foundation."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Peach Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"Peach schnapps infuses a distinct peach flavor and sweetness, rounding out the overall fruity profile of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":40,"name":"Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cranberry juice adds tartness and a vibrant red color, balancing the sweetness and providing a refreshing edge."},{"amount":40,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice contributes sweetness, citrus notes, and a smooth texture, complementing the other fruit flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":5,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Paloma",{"cocktail":{"name":"Paloma","description":"$29","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide: https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/308/paloma-cocktail (accessed Oct 26, 2023)","technique":"Prepare the glass by rimming it with salt, if desired. Fill a highball glass with ice. Add Tequila Blanco and Lime Juice, then top with Grapefruit Soda. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a grapefruit wedge.","garnish":"Grapefruit wedge and salt rim (optional). Cut a grapefruit wedge and rub it along the rim of the glass. Then, roll the rim in coarse salt before adding ice and the cocktail.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Tequila Blanco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila Blanco provides the spirituous backbone, lending agave flavors and a subtle vegetal character that integrates the remaining flavors."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Grapefruit Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grapefruit soda introduces sweetness, citrus notes and carbonation, contributing a primary flavor component."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice imparts a crucial sour element, balancing the sweetness of the grapefruit soda and enhancing the overall complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Bitter","Salty","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Mimosa",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mimosa","description":"$2a","historical_reference":"Attributed to Frank Meier, a bartender at the Ritz Hotel in Paris, 1925. Although the exact documentation is scarce, this is a widely accepted origin story.","technique":"1. Chill Champagne and orange juice thoroughly. 2. Gently pour equal parts of chilled Champagne and orange juice into a champagne flute. 3. Stir gently to combine. 4. Garnish with an orange slice or zest if desired. Serve immediately.","garnish":"Orange slice or zest, optional","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":75,"name":"Champagne","unit":"ml","rationale":"Champagne provides the celebratory effervescence and dry, complex backbone of the cocktail. Its high acidity balances the sweetness of the orange juice and provides a festive element."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":75,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice contributes sweetness, acidity, and a bright citrus flavor to the drink. It complements the dryness of the sparkling wine, creating a balanced and refreshing taste."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Yeasty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Queen's Cocktail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Queen's Cocktail","description":"The Queen's cocktail is a classic variation on the Martini, offering a sweeter and fruitier profile compared to its drier counterpart. It typically features gin as its base, complemented by equal parts dry vermouth and sweet vermouth, and a dash of orange bitters. The combination of both dry and sweet vermouths creates a balanced complexity, bridging the gap between the crispness of a classic Martini and the richer notes of a Manhattan. The orange bitters add a subtle citrus aroma and flavor, enhancing the overall experience. The Queen's Cocktail, while not as widely known as some other classics, is appreciated for its smooth and harmonious blend of flavors. Some variations include a lemon twist rather than an orange twist, altering the citrus notes.","historical_reference":"While exact origin is not definitively documented, it's likely a product of early 20th century cocktail evolution, appearing in various forms in period bar guides. Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine gin, dry vermouth, sweet vermouth, and orange bitters in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange twist over the drink and drop it in.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary botanical and alcoholic base, contributing juniper and other complex flavors that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry Vermouth contributes subtle herbal and floral notes, adding complexity and dryness to balance the sweetness of the Sweet Vermouth and the botanical intensity of the gin."},{"amount":15,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet Vermouth adds a rich sweetness and aromatic spice notes, complementing the gin and providing a smoother, more rounded profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Bitters enhance the citrus profile, adding a layer of complexity and aromatic lift that balances the other ingredients."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Citrus","Bittersweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Sea Breeze",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sea Breeze","description":"$2b","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide, accessed October 26, 2023. Describes the Sea Breeze as Vodka, cranberry juice and grapefruit juice.","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add vodka, cranberry juice, and grapefruit juice. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel. Express the oils over the drink and then place on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral alcoholic base, allowing the fruit flavors to shine without overpowering them. Its high proof contributes to the cocktail's overall strength."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cranberry juice provides sweetness, tartness, and a vibrant red color. Its acidity balances the vodka and complements the grapefruit."},{"amount":45,"name":"Grapefruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grapefruit juice adds a distinct tart and slightly bitter note, differentiating it from a Cape Codder. It also provides a refreshing citrus element."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tart"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Curaçao Punch",{"cocktail":{"name":"Curaçao Punch","description":"$2c","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a punch glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Orange slice and a cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides a robust base with molasses notes, contributing depth and complexity to the punch."},{"amount":30,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac adds refined fruit and oak notes, enhancing the overall aromatic profile and structure of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao lends a distinctive orange flavor and aroma, defining the character of the punch."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides acidity, balancing sweetness and adding brightness to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes tropical sweetness and enhances the fruity notes of the punch."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness, harmonizing the different flavors and adjusting the overall balance of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Spicy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Scofflaw",{"cocktail":{"name":"Scofflaw","description":"The Scofflaw is a Prohibition-era cocktail that emerged as a defiant gesture against those who abstained from alcohol. The term 'scofflaw' was coined in 1924 to describe someone who flouted Prohibition laws, and this cocktail was likely created around the same time to satirize those who obeyed them. The drink gained popularity through its promotion by Parisian bartenders who aimed to appeal to American tourists seeking a taste of rebellion. Its blend of rye whiskey, dry vermouth, lemon juice, grenadine, and orange bitters creates a balance of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors, making it a complex and intriguing drink that has endured through the years. The Scofflaw embodies the rebellious spirit of the Roaring Twenties and remains a popular choice for those seeking a classic cocktail with a historical edge. The drink's enduring appeal lies in its ability to deliver a sophisticated and flavorful experience, reminding us of a time when enjoying a cocktail was an act of defiance.","historical_reference":"The earliest mention appears to be in the January 1924 issue of 'Liberty' magazine, where it was promoted as 'The Scofflaw Cocktail'.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye provides a spicy and robust foundation, giving the cocktail its characteristic bite and backbone."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth adds a herbaceous and slightly bitter note, complementing the rye whiskey and contributing to the cocktail's overall balance."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and bring brightness to the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine adds sweetness, a touch of tartness, and a vibrant red hue, enhancing the visual appeal and flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters contribute a layer of aromatic complexity, enhancing the other flavors and adding a subtle bitterness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Spicy","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","French Connection",{"cocktail":{"name":"French Connection","description":"$2d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Pour cognac and amaretto into a mixing glass with ice. Stir gently until well-chilled. Strain into a rocks glass with or without ice, according to preference.","garnish":"None typically, but an optional lemon twist can add a touch of citrus aroma.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":60,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the robust base and complex flavors of fruit, spice, and oak, lending warmth and depth to the cocktail."},{"amount":30,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces the distinctive sweet almond flavor, enhancing the cocktail's sweetness and adding a nutty dimension."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Nutty","Vanilla","Woody","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":1,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Clover Club",{"cocktail":{"name":"Clover Club","description":"$2e","historical_reference":"First documented in print by The Evening Telegraph (Philadelphia) on January 21, 1897, and later popularized by the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel in Philadelphia and included in \"The Savoy Cocktail Book\" (1930) by Harry Craddock.","technique":"1. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice (dry shake). 2. Shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake again until well-chilled (about 15 seconds). 5. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass.","garnish":"Three fresh raspberries, skewered.","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical flavors and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, contributing complexity and a dry profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Raspberry Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Raspberry syrup contributes sweetness and a distinct fruity flavor, complementing the gin's botanicals and the lemon's acidity, creating a balanced and flavorful profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness of the raspberry syrup and adding a bright, citrusy note that enhances the overall flavor."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white creates a silky texture and foamy head, adding a luxurious mouthfeel and visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Fluffy Duck",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fluffy Duck","description":"$2f","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide identifies the Fluffy Duck cocktail dating back to the 1970s. (https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/1138/fluffy-duck-cocktail last accessed 2024-01-02)","technique":"Combine gin, Advocaat, crème de cacao, and fresh cream in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass. Top with soda water. Optionally garnish with grated nutmeg or chocolate shavings.","garnish":"Grated nutmeg or chocolate shavings, optional","allergens":["dairy","egg"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":20,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides a botanical base and alcoholic backbone to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Advocaat","unit":"ml","rationale":"Advocaat provides a custardy flavor and creamy texture which is the signature of the cocktail."},{"amount":10,"name":"White Crème de Cacao","unit":"ml","rationale":"White crème de cacao enhances the sweetness and adds a subtle chocolate note."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Fresh Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh cream provides a rich, velvety texture and adds to the overall smoothness of the drink."},{"amount":50,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds a touch of effervescence, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Vanilla","Chocolate","Fruity","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":9,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Diamondback",{"cocktail":{"name":"Diamondback","description":"The Diamondback is a classic cocktail with a somewhat mysterious past, named after the Diamondback Lounge at the Lord Baltimore Hotel in Baltimore, Maryland. While the hotel and the lounge are no longer in operation, the cocktail remains a testament to a time when stirred, spirit-forward drinks reigned supreme. Its precise origins are debated, but it gained prominence in cocktail books during the mid-20th century. The Diamondback showcases the interplay between rye whiskey and the contrasting flavors of apple brandy and yellow Chartreuse. The rye brings spice and depth, while the apple brandy contributes fruity and slightly tart notes. Yellow Chartreuse softens the edges with herbal sweetness, creating a nuanced and complex drink. It's a relatively dry cocktail, making it an excellent choice for those who appreciate the boldness of rye without excessive sweetness. The Diamondback is a sophisticated drink suitable for seasoned cocktail enthusiasts.","historical_reference":"Gary Regan's 'The Joy of Mixology' mentions it. Dale DeGroff attributes it to the Lord Baltimore Hotel.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and discard the peel (optional).","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed and discarded (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the robust, spicy backbone, offering a complex grain-forward profile with notes of pepper and oak to the cocktail's structure."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apple Brandy (Calvados)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a fruity, slightly tart dimension, complementing the rye's spiciness with notes of apple and pear to create a balanced taste."},{"amount":30,"name":"Yellow Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a complex herbal sweetness, softening the intensity of the rye and apple brandy while contributing subtle floral and spiced notes for depth."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Fruity","Spicy","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Savoy Corpse Reviver No. 2",{"cocktail":{"name":"Savoy Corpse Reviver No. 2","description":"The Corpse Reviver No. 2 is a classic cocktail created by Harry Craddock at The Savoy Hotel in London. As its name suggests, it was intended as a 'hair of the dog' remedy for hangovers. The equal parts mix of gin, lemon juice, Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano), Cointreau, and a dash of absinthe creates a complex interplay of flavors. The gin provides a botanical base, while the lemon juice adds a refreshing sourness. Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano) contributes floral and subtly bitter notes, and Cointreau brings a touch of orange sweetness. The absinthe, used sparingly, introduces a layer of herbal complexity. This cocktail is known for its potent yet balanced flavor profile, and should be consumed in moderation, lest it require reviving itself!","historical_reference":"First documented in Harry Craddock's Savoy Cocktail Book (1930).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange zest, expressed over the drink and discarded.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone, its botanical complexity setting the stage for the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano) contributes body, floral notes, and a touch of bitterness, enhancing the complexity and balance."},{"amount":22,"name":"Cointreau","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cointreau provides an orange flavor and sweetness, complementing the lemon juice and adding to the overall fruitiness."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice delivers acidity, which balances the sweetness and cuts through the richness of the liqueurs and spirits."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"dash","rationale":"Absinthe adds a subtle anise note and aromatic complexity, influencing the cocktail's overall aroma and taste."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Floral","Bitter","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Angel Face",{"cocktail":{"name":"Angel Face","description":"$30","historical_reference":"First appeared in print in Robert Vermeire's 'Cocktails: How to Mix Them' (1922).","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass. 2. Add all ingredients to a shaker filled with ice. 3. Shake well until well-chilled. 4. Double strain into the chilled glass. 5. Garnish (optional).","garnish":"Apple slice or brandied cherry (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":20,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary botanical backbone and a dry, juniper-forward base."},{"amount":20,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds warmth, fruit notes, and complexity to the spirit base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, apricot fruit notes, and a subtle almond-like flavor."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Floral","Herbal","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Blueberry Tea",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blueberry Tea","description":"$31","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine amaretto and orange liqueur in a mug. Top with hot water. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with an orange slice or lemon twist.","garnish":"Orange slice or lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a nutty, sweet almond flavor that acts as the primary base for the 'tea' element."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a citrus note, enhancing the aroma and sweetness, contributing to the overall depth of the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Hot Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the bulk of the drink, providing warmth and diluting the liqueurs to the desired strength, creating the tea-like experience."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Nutty","Fruity","Citrus","Sweet","Warm"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Amaretto Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Amaretto Sour","description":"$32","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If using egg white, dry shake all ingredients (without ice) vigorously for 15 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 2. Add ice to the shaker. 3. Shake well until chilled. 4. Double strain into an ice-filled rocks glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel and a maraschino cherry. Express the lemon peel over the drink to release oils, then place it on the rim or float on top, along with the cherry.","allergens":["nuts","egg white"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":60,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amaretto provides the primary flavor profile of the cocktail, characterized by its sweet almond and marzipan notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the amaretto, creating the 'sour' element of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white adds a smooth, velvety texture to the cocktail and contributes to a creamy mouthfeel. (Optional)"},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add depth and complexity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the almond notes of the amaretto."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Nutty","Vanilla","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Nixon",{"cocktail":{"name":"Nixon","description":"The Nixon cocktail, while not as widely known as other classics, is a robust and flavorful concoction designed for those who appreciate a spirit-forward drink with a touch of sweetness and spice. Its origins are somewhat obscure, lacking a definitive historical record, but it embodies the early to mid-20th century trend of complex cocktails that balanced strong base spirits with complementing liqueurs and bitters. The goal of the Nixon is to create a harmonious blend where the richness of dark rum is amplified by the herbal notes of the vermouth and the subtle sweetness of the maraschino liqueur. The bitters add a layer of complexity, providing a bitter counterpoint that prevents the drink from becoming overly sweet. It's a cocktail that rewards slow sipping, revealing its layers of flavor as it evolves in the glass. The Nixon stands as a testament to the creativity and experimentation that characterized the golden age of cocktails, offering a delightful experience for the discerning palate.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides a rich, molasses-driven base, contributing depth and complexity to the cocktail's profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur contributes a subtle cherry sweetness and almond-like notes, rounding out the cocktail's flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth introduces herbal and slightly bitter notes, balancing the rum's sweetness and adding aromatic complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters provide a spicy and bitter counterpoint, enhancing the overall flavor profile and adding depth."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Orange Tundra",{"cocktail":{"name":"Orange Tundra","description":"The Orange Tundra is a vibrant and refreshing cocktail, designed to evoke the crisp, clean flavors of a citrus-infused landscape. It combines the smoothness of vodka with the bright zest of orange and the subtle sweetness of honey. A splash of soda water adds a delicate effervescence, enhancing the overall drinking experience. This cocktail is perfect for warm weather gatherings, offering a light and invigorating alternative to heavier, more complex drinks. The orange flavor is prominent, but not overpowering, balanced by the vodka and complemented by the honey's subtle notes. The effervescence provides a refreshing lift. The name is designed to give an oxymoronic sensation, in that the orange is normally a warm flavor, but the tundra gives the sensation of a cold environment.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Chill a highball glass. 2. In a shaker with ice, combine the vodka, orange juice, and honey syrup. 3. Shake well until chilled. 4. Strain into the chilled highball glass filled with ice. 5. Top with soda water. 6. Garnish with an orange slice or twist.","garnish":"Orange slice or twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, providing a neutral spirit base for the other flavors to build upon."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary citrus flavor, contributing sweetness and acidity, while adding a refreshing element."},{"amount":10,"name":"Honey Syrup (1:1)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a natural sweetness and unique flavor depth that complements the orange, creating a smooth and balanced profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces effervescence, lightening the drink and enhancing its refreshing quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Refreshing"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":4,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Between the Sheets",{"cocktail":{"name":"Between the Sheets","description":"The Between the Sheets cocktail is a classic sidecar variation, often regarded as a more 'risque' or potent version due to its equal parts base spirits. Its origins are typically traced back to Harry MacElhone at Harry's New York Bar in Paris during the 1920s, after World War I. It is closely related to the sidecar, swapping out some of the brandy for rum. The name itself suggests a certain scandalous allure, hinting at clandestine rendezvous and the spirit of the roaring twenties. The cocktail's balance between sweet, sour, and strong makes it a timeless choice for those seeking a sophisticated and spirited drink. The use of both brandy and rum creates a unique flavor profile that distinguishes it from its more traditional counterparts. The drink's combination of citrus, spirit, and sweetener produces a balanced and refreshing taste experience. It is a drink of elegance and boldness.","historical_reference":"David Embury, The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks (1948) lists this cocktail as a variation on the Sidecar and attributes the invention to Harry MacElhone in Paris.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients (White Rum, Brandy, Orange Liqueur, and Lemon Juice) into a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until well-chilled, approximately 15-20 seconds. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express lemon peel over the drink and drop it into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone, adding a subtle sweetness and tropical notes. Rum's esters contribute to the cocktail's complexity."},{"amount":22,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and warmth, contributing fruity and slightly spicy notes. Its higher alcohols provide an aromatic edge."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial layer of sweetness and citrus aroma, complementing the lemon juice and enhancing the overall flavor profile. It also functions as a modifier."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and spirits, creating a tart and refreshing element."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Warm","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Delilah",{"cocktail":{"name":"Delilah","description":"$33","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled coupe glass. Garnish with a lemon twist or a brandied cherry.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim, or a brandied cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical foundation of the cocktail, offering a complex flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot liqueur introduces fruity sweetness and a subtle almond note, complementing the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lillet Blanc","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc provides a subtle floral and honeyed note, contributing to the cocktail's complexity and aromatic profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds acidity and brightness, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Long Island Iced Tea",{"cocktail":{"name":"Long Island Iced Tea","description":"$34","historical_reference":"While many sources attribute the creation to Robert Butt in 1972 at the Oak Beach Inn, some claim a similar drink existed in the 1920s during Prohibition in Long Island, Tennessee. Source: Difford's Guide.","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice.\n2. Add vodka, gin, white rum, tequila, and triple sec to the glass.\n3. Add lemon juice.\n4. Top with Coca-Cola.\n5. Stir gently to combine.\n6. Garnish with a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Lemon wedge, for garnish. Prepare by slicing a fresh lemon into wedges.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral spirit base, adding alcoholic strength without significantly altering the flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin contributes botanical notes, enhancing the complexity of the cocktail with juniper and other herbal flavors."},{"amount":15,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum introduces subtle sweetness and a light-bodied character, complementing the other spirits without overpowering them."},{"amount":15,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila adds an earthy and agave-forward element, providing a distinct layer of flavor that balances the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Triple Sec introduces orange notes and contributes to the overall sweetness and complexity of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing citrusy note."},{"amount":30,"name":"Coca-Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coca-Cola adds sweetness, color, and effervescence, giving the cocktail its characteristic iced tea appearance and masking the alcohol."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Boozy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":8,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Pineapple Margarita",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Pineapple Margarita","description":"The Smoked Pineapple Margarita offers a tropical twist on the classic Margarita. Smoking the pineapple adds depth and complexity, creating a balanced cocktail with sweet, smoky, and tangy notes. The cocktail is made by muddling smoked pineapple, combining it with tequila, lime juice, and agave nectar. Orange liqueur balances the smoky flavor. It's a delightful fusion that complements the traditional margarita profile. Agave nectar enhances sweetness.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Smoke pineapple chunks using a smoker or grill until lightly charred. 2. Muddle smoked pineapple chunks in a shaker. 3. Add tequila, fresh lime juice, orange liqueur and agave nectar. 4. Add ice and shake well until chilled. 5. Double strain into a salt-rimmed (optional) rocks glass filled with ice. 6. Garnish with a pineapple wedge.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge, salt rim (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Blanco Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"The tequila forms the base of the cocktail, providing a characteristic agave flavor and alcoholic backbone."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur adds sweetness and aromatic complexity, enhancing the citrus notes and balancing the smoky flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides the essential sourness and citrus balance, complementing the sweetness and smoky notes."},{"amount":50,"name":"Smoked Pineapple Chunks","unit":"grams","rationale":"Smoked pineapple adds a deep, smoky sweetness that is a signature element of the drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Agave Nectar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Agave nectar sweetens the cocktail, complementing the tequila and enhancing the pineapple flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Platinum Blonde",{"cocktail":{"name":"Platinum Blonde","description":"The Platinum Blonde cocktail is a modern creation designed to be a refreshing and subtly sweet drink. Its name evokes the light and shimmering quality of the cocktail itself. The combination of vodka, white cranberry juice, elderflower liqueur, and lime creates a balanced and harmonious blend of flavors. The drink is light and easy to drink. It is often served as an aperitif or a light cocktail during social gatherings. The Platinum Blonde is appreciated for its simplicity and elegance, making it a popular choice for those who enjoy a clean and flavorful cocktail experience.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Lime wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic base, offering a clean and neutral profile to showcase the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a delicate floral aroma and a hint of sweetness, enhancing the complexity and elegance of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle sweetness and a light, tart flavor that complements the vodka and lime."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a necessary acidity, balancing the sweetness and enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Floral","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Incredible Hulk",{"cocktail":{"name":"Incredible Hulk","description":"$35","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a shaker with ice. Add Cognac, Vodka, Hypnotiq, and Green Chartreuse. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with a lime wedge.","garnish":"Lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a complex, fruity, and oaky base, contributing depth and warmth to the cocktail's profile."},{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a neutral alcoholic kick without overpowering the other flavors, allowing the liqueurs to shine."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Hypnotiq","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a tropical fruit flavor and distinctive blue color, which, when mixed with the green Chartreuse, creates the cocktail's signature green hue."},{"amount":15,"name":"Green Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds herbal complexity and a vibrant green color, enhancing the cocktail's aroma and visual appeal."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","New York Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"New York Sour","description":"The New York Sour is a sophisticated twist on the classic Whiskey Sour, distinguished by the addition of a red wine float. This float not only adds visual appeal but also introduces layers of fruit and tannin that complement the whiskey's spiciness and the lemon's acidity. The drink's origins are debated, but it gained prominence in the late 19th century, reflecting the era's penchant for complex and layered flavors. The red wine float creates a visually striking and subtly evolving flavor profile, making each sip a unique experience. Traditionally, a dry red wine like Cabernet Sauvignon or Merlot is used to provide a contrasting element that enhances both the whiskey and the sour mix. Over time, variations have emerged, with some bartenders experimenting with different types of red wine to achieve specific flavor nuances. The New York Sour remains a popular choice for those seeking a balanced and visually appealing cocktail that bridges the gap between classic and contemporary mixology.","historical_reference":"Credited by some to being created in Chicago in the 1880s, originally named 'Continental Sour', according to David Wondrich's 'Imbibe!' (2015). Evidence is circumstantial.","technique":"1. Combine rye whiskey, lemon juice, simple syrup, and egg white (if using) in a shaker. 2. Dry-shake vigorously for 30 seconds (without ice). 3. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled. 4. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. 5. Gently pour the red wine over the back of a spoon to float it on top of the drink.","garnish":"Orange peel or brandied cherry. The orange peel expresses oils to add aroma and slight bitterness, while the cherry adds a touch of sweetness and visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides the robust and spicy base for the cocktail, contributing notes of oak, caramel, and pepper that balance the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Red Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry red wine, floated on top, introduces fruity and tannic notes, creating a complex layered flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness and whiskey, adding bright citrus notes."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the acidity of the lemon juice, adding sweetness to create overall harmony."},{"amount":30,"name":"Egg White (optional)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white provides a silky texture and frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Woody","Spicy","Savory"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Jagertee",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jagertee","description":"$36","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a saucepan. Gently heat the mixture, without boiling, until it is steaming hot. Stir to ensure all ingredients are well combined. Ladle into a heat-resistant glass or mug. Garnish with an orange slice and/or a cinnamon stick.","garnish":"Orange slice and/or a cinnamon stick.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":20,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a molasses and caramel base note providing warmth and backbone, contributing to the overall alcoholic strength."},{"amount":20,"name":"Stroh Rum (80% ABV)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amplifies the booziness and imparts intense spice and a distinctive high-proof kick, essential for the drink's robust character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Herbal Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a layer of herbal complexity, complementing the tea and spices, and contributing to the overall warming effect."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":100,"name":"Strong Black Tea","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the liquid base, contributing tannins and a subtle bitterness to balance the sweetness. Provides a warming element."},{"amount":50,"name":"Red Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds body, depth, and fruity notes to the cocktail, rounding out the flavor profile and providing additional warmth."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange, sliced","unit":"slice","rationale":"Imparts citrus notes and aromatic oils, enhancing the overall aroma and flavor complexity of the drink."},{"amount":1,"name":"Lemon, sliced","unit":"slice","rationale":"Introduces tartness and bright citrus notes, balancing the sweetness and adding to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cinnamon Sticks","unit":"sticks","rationale":"Provides warm, spicy notes that complement the rum and other ingredients, enhancing the drink's overall coziness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cloves","unit":"whole","rationale":"Adds intense aromatic spice and a slight bitterness, contributing to the drink's complexity and warming sensation."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Spicy","Herbal","Woody","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Flaming Volcano",{"cocktail":{"name":"Flaming Volcano","description":"$37","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Combine light rum, dark rum, brandy, pineapple juice, orange juice, lime juice, and orgeat syrup in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until chilled. 3. Strain into a volcano bowl or large serving dish. 4. Soak a sugar cube in high-proof rum (at least 75% ABV). 5. Place the sugar cube on a heat-resistant surface in the center of the bowl. 6. Carefully ignite the sugar cube using a long lighter or match. 7. Garnish with a pineapple wedge and cherry.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge, cherry, and a flaming sugar cube soaked in high-proof rum. Ensure sugar cube is placed on a heat-resistant surface within the bowl before ignition.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base and contributes a light, sweet flavor profile that complements the other tropical ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and richness with molasses notes, enhancing the overall complexity and booziness of the cocktail."},{"amount":30,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a subtle fruity sweetness and aromatic spice notes that further enhance the drink's complexity and flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orgeat Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Imparts a nutty sweetness and creamy texture, adding depth and complexity to the cocktail's overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a foundational tropical sweetness and a characteristic fruity flavor that is essential to the tiki cocktail profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a citrusy brightness and complements the pineapple juice, balancing the sweetness with a touch of acidity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a necessary tartness to balance the sweetness of the other juices and spirits, creating a more complex and refreshing flavor."},{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar Cube","unit":"pc","rationale":"Provides a platform for the flaming element, adding caramelized sugar notes as it burns and contributing to the drink's sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Sweet","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Margarita",{"cocktail":{"name":"Margarita","description":"$38","historical_reference":"There are multiple claims to the invention of the Margarita. One of the oldest claims traces back to 1938 when Carlos \"Danny\" Herrera supposedly invented the drink for Marjorie King at Rancho La Gloria. A second claim is that Margaret Sames invented the drink in 1948 and named the drink after herself. Both are verifiable claims from the 1900's.","technique":"If desired, salt the rim of a chilled cocktail glass by running a lime wedge around the rim and dipping it in salt. Combine tequila, lime juice, and orange liqueur in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into the prepared glass filled with ice. Garnish with a lime wedge.","garnish":"Lime wedge; optional: salt rim (coarse salt preferred)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila provides the foundation for the drink, delivering agave notes and alcoholic strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur (such as Cointreau or Triple Sec) contributes sweetness and complexity, complementing the tequila and lime."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers the essential sourness and citrus notes that balance the sweetness and tequila."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sour","Salty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Porchcrawler",{"cocktail":{"name":"Porchcrawler","description":"$39","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish with a lemon wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lemon wedge or wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a light body and subtle sweetness that complements the other ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds complexity with its botanical profile, providing a dry counterpoint to the rum and balancing the overall sweetness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes neutral alcohol content, increasing the drink's potency without significantly altering the flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness, adding a refreshing tartness that cuts through the richness of the spirits and syrup."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness to counterbalance the sourness of the lemon juice and to harmonize with the alcoholic components."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Quentão",{"cocktail":{"name":"Quentão","description":"$3a","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Slice the ginger into thin coins. Cut the orange and lime into quarters.\n2. In a large pot, combine the water, sugar, ginger, cinnamon sticks, and cloves.\n3. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved.\n4. Reduce the heat to low and add the orange and lime pieces. Simmer for about 15-20 minutes to allow the flavors to infuse.\n5. Stir in the Cachaça.\n6. Heat gently for another 5 minutes, being careful not to boil off the alcohol. (The mixture is supposed to be gently heated). \n7. Strain the mixture to remove the solids.\n8. Serve hot in mugs or heat-resistant glasses. Garnish as specified.","garnish":"Orange slices studded with cloves and cinnamon sticks.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":500,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic flavor profile of Quentão, contributing to its warmth and distinctive Brazilian identity."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":200,"name":"Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Water acts as a solvent and diluent, helping to extract and blend the flavors of the spices and fruits while adjusting the overall strength of the drink."},{"amount":200,"name":"Granulated Sugar","unit":"g","rationale":"Sugar provides sweetness, balancing the spice and citrus elements, and also contributes to the drink's body and viscosity."},{"amount":50,"name":"Fresh Ginger","unit":"g","rationale":"Ginger adds a pungent and spicy warmth that is essential to Quentão's character, complementing the other spices and providing a subtle zing."},{"amount":3,"name":"Cinnamon Sticks","unit":"pc","rationale":"Cinnamon imparts a warm, sweet, and slightly woody aroma and flavor, creating a comforting and familiar spice note."},{"amount":6,"name":"Whole Cloves","unit":"pc","rationale":"Cloves provide a strong, aromatic, and slightly bitter spice element, adding depth and complexity to the flavor profile."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange","unit":"pc","rationale":"Orange peel contributes a bright citrus aroma and flavor, balancing the sweetness and spices and adding a refreshing element."},{"amount":1,"name":"Lime","unit":"pc","rationale":"Lime juice provides acidity that balances sweetness, and its peel adds a refreshing citrus aroma, elevating the flavor profile and providing brightness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Fruity","Citrus","Woody","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Blood & Sand",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blood & Sand","description":"The Blood & Sand is a classic cocktail named after the 1922 Rudolph Valentino film of the same name. Created sometime around then, its equal parts composition and unusual combination of ingredients make it both intriguing and challenging to balance. It showcases a unique blend of sweet, sour, and smoky flavors. Its equal parts composition and the presence of orange juice alongside cherry heering distinguishes it and highlights the importance of precise measurements for achieving balance. It gained popularity in the 1930s but faded into relative obscurity before experiencing a resurgence with the renewed interest in classic cocktails. Finding the right balance is key; some prefer a slightly drier version, while others favor a sweeter profile. It is usually served in a coupe or cocktail glass, and the orange peel garnish adds a visual appeal and aroma that complements the drink's flavor profile. The name and color evoke the drama and passion of the film, adding to the cocktail's mystique.","historical_reference":"The Savoy Cocktail Book (1930) lists the Blood & Sand cocktail.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Scotch provides the cocktail's base and backbone, lending smoky, malty notes and alcoholic strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Cherry Heering","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cherry Heering brings a rich cherry flavor with subtle bitter almond notes, crucial for the cocktail's signature profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness and herbal complexity, rounding out the sharp edges of the other ingredients."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice contributes a vital component of sweetness and acidity, balancing the whisky and adding a citrusy zest."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Smoky","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Diki-Diki",{"cocktail":{"name":"Diki-Diki","description":"The Diki-Diki is a classic cocktail that highlights the balance between fruity brandy, tart grapefruit, and the subtle sweetness of Swedish punsch. Its origins are somewhat obscure, with no clear historical record pinpointing its creation. However, it likely emerged during the early to mid-20th century, a period of cocktail experimentation and the rise of fruit-forward drinks. The cocktail showcases the appeal of simple ingredients combined in a way that enhances each component. It's a testament to the era's ingenuity, where bartenders sought to create flavorful and refreshing drinks using available spirits and citrus. It is a relatively obscure classic. While it doesn't have a prominent place in cocktail history books, its reappearance in modern cocktail bars and online resources reflects a growing appreciation for forgotten recipes. Its refreshing flavor profile makes it well suited to be a summer drink. It can also pair well with light appetizers or served as a palate cleanser between courses.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Grapefruit twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple brandy forms the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, providing a fruity and slightly spicy base note."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Swedish Punsch","unit":"ml","rationale":"Swedish punsch adds a unique layer of sweetness, spice, and a subtle rum note, enhancing the overall complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Grapefruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grapefruit juice contributes a significant amount of acidity and a distinct citrusy bitterness that balances the sweetness of the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Sweet","Tart"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Virgin Mojito",{"cocktail":{"name":"Virgin Mojito","description":"The Virgin Mojito is a non-alcoholic adaptation of the classic Mojito cocktail. Its history parallels that of the original Mojito, which is believed to have originated in Havana, Cuba. The exact origins are murky, but it's thought to have evolved from a medicinal drink. Sir Francis Drake, a famous English sea captain and privateer, is sometimes associated with an early version of the Mojito, as his crew mixed aguardiente (a crude form of rum), mint, lime, and sugar to combat scurvy and dysentery. The modern Mojito, made with rum, gained popularity in the early 20th century, particularly at the Havana bar La Bodeguita del Medio, famously frequented by Ernest Hemingway. The Virgin Mojito emerged later, as a response to the growing demand for sophisticated non-alcoholic drinks. It retains the refreshing qualities of the original, relying on the vibrant flavors of mint, lime, and sparkling water to create a balanced and invigorating beverage. The Virgin Mojito provides all the refreshment without the alcohol.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Gently muddle the mint leaves, lime wedges, and simple syrup in a sturdy glass. Avoid over-muddling, as this can release bitter compounds from the mint. 2. Add the lime juice. 3. Fill the glass with ice. 4. Top with soda water. 5. Stir gently to combine. 6. Garnish with a mint sprig and a lime wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and lime wedge. Gently slap the mint sprig to release its aromas before placing it on the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":12,"name":"Fresh Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Provides the characteristic refreshing herbal flavor and aroma to the drink. The mint is muddled to release its essential oils."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial sour element that balances the sweetness and enhances the refreshing character. Freshly squeezed juice is essential."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness, balancing the tartness of the lime juice and the herbaceousness of the mint."},{"amount":120,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and dilutes the drink to a refreshing consistency. The bubbles enhance the perceived aroma and flavor."},{"amount":4,"name":"Lime Wedges","unit":"wedges","rationale":"Adds additional citric flavor and aroma, and acidity. Can be muddled lightly to increase tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Fruity","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":0,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Southside",{"cocktail":{"name":"Southside","description":"$3b","historical_reference":"While exact origins are debated, the Southside cocktail is often associated with the South Side of Chicago during the Prohibition era (1920-1933). Source not found","technique":"In a cocktail shaker, gently muddle mint leaves with simple syrup. Add gin and lime juice. Fill the shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Mint sprig","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, its juniper notes harmonizing with the mint and citrus."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a refreshing, cool counterpoint to the gin and lime, contributing aromatic complexity and a vibrant flavor."},{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness and enhancing the overall brightness of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the acidity of the lime juice, creating a harmonious and palatable drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Refreshing"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Paper Plane",{"cocktail":{"name":"Paper Plane","description":"The Paper Plane is a modern classic cocktail created in 2008 by Sasha Petraske and Sam Ross at Milk & Honey in New York City. It was specifically designed for the opening of The Violet Hour in Chicago. This equal-parts cocktail, named after M.I.A.'s hit song 'Paper Planes,' balances the boldness of bourbon with the bitterness of Amaro Nonino, the citrusy tang of lemon juice, and the herbal sweetness of Aperol. The result is a complex, yet refreshing drink that appeals to a wide range of palates. The equal proportion of ingredients makes it easy to remember and replicate, contributing to its widespread popularity in the craft cocktail scene. Its unique flavor profile and balanced structure have cemented its place as a modern classic, frequently found on cocktail menus worldwide. The Paper Plane's success lies in its harmonious blend of contrasting flavors, making it a standout example of contemporary mixology. It's a testament to the enduring appeal of well-balanced, thoughtfully crafted cocktails.","historical_reference":"Created in 2008 by Sam Ross for the opening of The Violet Hour in Chicago. (Source: multiple cocktail blogs and articles referencing Sam Ross and The Violet Hour's opening). No formal historical document is available but verifiable through professional cocktail resources and publications such as Difford's Guide and Liquor.com, which cite interviews and articles about Sam Ross and the creation of the cocktail.","technique":"Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a coupe or Nick & Nora glass. Garnish with an orange peel.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and discarded or placed on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the base flavor with its characteristic vanilla and caramel notes, adding depth and warmth to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Aperol","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aperol contributes a bittersweet orange flavor with herbal complexity, adding a layer of depth and a vibrant color to the drink."},{"amount":22,"name":"Amaro Nonino Quintessentia","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amaro Nonino offers a more nuanced bitterness compared to other amari, complementing the bourbon and Aperol with its caramel, herbal, and citrus notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and bourbon, creating a bright and refreshing element."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Bitter","Herbal","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Slippery Nipple",{"cocktail":{"name":"Slippery Nipple","description":"The Slippery Nipple is a layered shot known for its sweet and creamy flavor. Its suggestive name and visual appeal contribute to its popularity, often enjoyed as a novelty shot or party drink. The drink's layered effect, with the grenadine settling at the bottom to resemble a bloody effect, adds to its playful presentation. Despite its simple ingredient list, achieving the proper layering technique is key to creating the distinct visual of the drink. It's a popular choice among those seeking a sweet and visually intriguing cocktail experience.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Carefully layer the ingredients in a shot glass. First, pour the grenadine into the bottom of the shot glass. Next, gently pour the sambuca on top of the grenadine, being careful not to mix the layers. Finally, slowly layer the Irish cream on top of the sambuca, creating a distinct creamy layer.","garnish":"None","allergens":["dairy"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Sambuca","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a strong anise flavor and a potent alcoholic base."},{"amount":20,"name":"Irish Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a creamy texture and sweet vanilla flavor, creating a layered effect on top of the Sambuca."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":5,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and a visually appealing \"bleeding\" effect at the bottom of the shot."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Sweet","Creamy","Vanilla","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":2,"sourness":1,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Hennchata",{"cocktail":{"name":"Hennchata","description":"$3c","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cognac, horchata, cinnamon syrup, and Angostura bitters in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with a cinnamon stick.","garnish":"Cinnamon stick","allergens":["Dairy"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac provides a rich, fruity base with subtle oak notes that complement the horchata's creaminess and spice."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Horchata","unit":"ml","rationale":"Horchata is the key flavor component, contributing its characteristic creamy texture and subtle sweetness derived from rice milk, as well as hints of cinnamon and vanilla."},{"amount":15,"name":"Cinnamon Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cinnamon syrup amplifies the spice notes, adding depth and warmth that complements both the cognac and horchata."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Angostura bitters adds a subtle layer of aromatic complexity, balancing the sweetness and enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Spicy","Fruity","Nutty","Vanilla","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Cojito",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cojito","description":"$3d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Gently muddle mint leaves with simple syrup in a sturdy glass or shaker. Avoid over-muddling to prevent bitterness. 2. Add white rum, lime juice, and coconut cream to the glass. 3. Fill the glass with ice. 4. Top with soda water. 5. Gently stir to combine all ingredients. 6. Garnish with a mint sprig and a lime wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and a lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic flavor profile of a Mojito, contributing to booziness and a light, slightly sweet taste."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":40,"name":"Coconut Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a rich, creamy texture and a distinct coconut flavor, differentiating the Cojito from the traditional Mojito."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":10,"name":"Fresh Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Adds a refreshing, herbal aroma and flavor, essential for the Mojito character. Muddled gently to release oils without bruising."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity and balances the sweetness of the rum and coconut cream, adding a tangy citrus note."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweetens the drink, balancing the sourness of the lime juice and enhancing the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and dilutes the mixture, creating a refreshing and lighter texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Creamy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Hurricane",{"cocktail":{"name":"Hurricane","description":"$3e","historical_reference":"Reportedly invented at Pat O'Brien's bar in New Orleans in the 1940s to deal with a rum surplus. Exact original recipe is debated. [Source: various online cocktail history sites and bar reviews]","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a hurricane glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Orange slice and a maraschino cherry on a cocktail pick","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base, contributing subtle sweetness and tropical notes."},{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and complexity with richer molasses and caramel flavors, increasing booziness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a layer of orange flavor and complexity, complementing the other fruit juices."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Passion Fruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the distinctive tropical flavor, balancing the rum's sweetness with its tartness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and citrus notes, complementing the passion fruit and rum."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity to balance the sweetness of the other ingredients, enhancing the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a hint of pomegranate flavor, contributing to the cocktail's visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Greyhound",{"cocktail":{"name":"Greyhound","description":"$3f","historical_reference":"While definitive origin documentation is scarce, drink historians trace the greyhound's lineage to the 1930s. Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add vodka. Top with grapefruit juice. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a grapefruit wedge, if desired.","garnish":"Grapefruit wedge or slice (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka serves as the primary alcoholic component, providing a clean, neutral base that allows the grapefruit juice to be the dominant flavor."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Grapefruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grapefruit juice delivers the signature tart and slightly sweet citrus flavor, providing the main body and character of the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tart"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":2,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Damn the Weather",{"cocktail":{"name":"Damn the Weather","description":"$40","historical_reference":"Attribution to Joaquin Simó at Pouring Ribbons, New York City (circa 2010s)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed over the drink and then discarded","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust backbone to the cocktail, offering depth and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao contributes citrus notes and a subtle sweetness, complementing the rye and vermouth."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness, body, and herbal complexity to balance the rye whiskey."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters provide aromatic depth and a balancing bitterness to the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Aperol Spritz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Aperol Spritz","description":"The Aperol Spritz, a quintessential Italian aperitivo, embodies the spirit of carefree summer evenings and convivial gatherings. Its origins can be traced back to the early 20th century in the Veneto region of Italy, evolving from a simple spritz—a blend of wine and sparkling water introduced by Austrian soldiers during their occupation of the region. In 1919, the Barbieri brothers of Padua created Aperol, a vibrant orange-hued liqueur with a unique bittersweet flavor profile. Aperol quickly gained popularity, and by the 1950s, the Aperol Spritz began to take shape as we know it today, becoming a beloved pre-dinner drink throughout Italy. The recipe was formalized in the 2000s with the 'Spritz Life' campaign, solidifying its place as a global phenomenon. The Aperol Spritz represents the Italian culture of enjoying life's simple pleasures, it pairs perfectly with light snacks or appetizers and evokes a sense of Italian charm. Its low alcohol content makes it a refreshing choice for daytime enjoyment.","historical_reference":"Aperol was created in 1919 by the Barbieri brothers in Padua, Italy. The Aperol Spritz gained popularity in the mid-20th century. Source: Campari Group official website.","technique":"Fill a large wine glass with ice. Add Prosecco, followed by Aperol. Top with soda water. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Orange slice, placed on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":60,"name":"Aperol","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aperol is the defining ingredient, contributing its signature bittersweet orange flavor and vibrant color, creating the cocktail's characteristic profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco provides the light, dry, and bubbly base, adding effervescence and a touch of fruitiness to balance the bitterness of the liqueur."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds extra dilution and effervescence, lightening the drink and enhancing its refreshing qualities."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Citrus","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Blue Hawaiian",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blue Hawaiian","description":"$41","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Add all ingredients to a blender with 1 cup of ice. Blend until smooth. Pour into a tall glass (such as a hurricane glass).","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a light, clean profile that allows the other flavors to shine without overpowering them."},{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka adds an additional layer of alcoholic strength while maintaining a neutral flavor profile, enhancing the overall booziness without significantly altering the taste."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Blue Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Blue curaçao adds a distinctive orange flavor and, more importantly, the vibrant blue color that defines the Blue Hawaiian."},{"amount":30,"name":"Cream of Coconut","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cream of coconut provides a rich, creamy texture and a pronounced coconut flavor, complementing the pineapple and contributing to the drink's overall sweetness."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes the dominant fruity sweetness and acidity, providing the essential tropical character of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Lynchburg Lemonade",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lynchburg Lemonade","description":"$42","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice. 2. Add whiskey, triple sec, lemon juice, and simple syrup. 3. Top with lemon-lime soda. 4. Stir gently to combine. 5. Garnish with a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Lemon wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and distinctive flavor, contributing oaky and caramel notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes additional citrus notes and enhances the sweetness, complementing the lemon juice."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the crucial sour element to balance the sweetness, adding a vibrant citrus flavor."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and balances sourness, creating a smoother, more palatable drink."},{"amount":120,"name":"Lemon-Lime Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides effervescence and adds a touch of sweetness, lightening the overall texture and flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Boulevardier",{"cocktail":{"name":"Boulevardier","description":"$43","historical_reference":"First published in Barflies and Cocktails by Harry McElhone (1927)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass over a large ice cube.","garnish":"Orange peel twist (expressed and inserted)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the base flavor, contributing sweetness, vanilla, and oak notes and serving as the foundation for the cocktail's strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Campari contributes a distinctive bitter and herbal flavor profile, balancing the sweetness from the bourbon and vermouth and adding a vibrant color and complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth introduces a complex sweetness with herbal and spice undertones, softening the intensity of the bourbon and Campari and providing aromatic depth."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Fruity","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Martinez",{"cocktail":{"name":"Martinez","description":"$44","historical_reference":"Harry Johnson's Bartender's Manual (1888) features an early recipe for the Martinez.","technique":"Stir all ingredients with ice in a mixing glass until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass or a cocktail cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Old Tom Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Old Tom Gin provides a sweeter, maltier base compared to London Dry, essential for the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur introduces a delicate cherry and almond flavor, enhancing the cocktail's aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds body, sweetness, and herbal notes, complementing the gin and softening the overall profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters provide balance and complexity, adding subtle spice and bitterness that ties the drink together."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Ancient Mariner",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ancient Mariner","description":"$45","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone and rich, molasses-derived flavors that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle cherry-almond flavor and a touch of dryness, enhancing the complexity and balancing the sweetness."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides essential acidity to balance the sweetness of the rum and simple syrup, creating a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds balanced sweetness to complement the rum and lime, rounding out the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Contributes a layer of complexity and subtle bitterness, enhancing the aromatic profile and balancing the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Herbal","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Lorraine",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lorraine","description":"$46","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing juniper, coriander, and other botanicals."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur introduces a delicate cherry sweetness and almond notes, rounding out the overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth contributes herbal and floral notes, adding dryness and complexity while complementing the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters adds a subtle citrus aroma and complexity, balancing the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Fig and Bourbon Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Fig and Bourbon Sour","description":"$47","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice. Dry shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Garnish with a smoked fig slice on a cocktail pick or an expressed orange peel.","garnish":"Smoked fig slice on a cocktail pick, or expressed orange peel.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the cocktail's primary flavor foundation with its caramel and vanilla notes, lending warmth and structure."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Liqueur provides adds depth of citrus, sweetness, and balances the bourbon's spicy notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness of the bourbon and fig syrup and adding brightness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white adds a silky smooth texture to the cocktail and softens the impact of the alcohol, creating a pleasant mouthfeel. Aquafaba can be substituted for a vegan option."},{"amount":22,"name":"Smoked Fig Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Smoked fig syrup introduces a complex smoky sweetness that complements the bourbon and adds depth to the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Fruity","Citrus","Woody","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Brandy Crusta",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brandy Crusta","description":"The Brandy Crusta, a pre-cursor to the Sidecar, is considered by some to be one of the first cocktails to be named as such. Created by Joseph Santini at his bar in New Orleans in the mid-19th century (circa 1850s), it distinguishes itself with a sugared rim and a large lemon peel lining the inside of the glass. Santini meticulously crafted each drink, emphasizing quality ingredients and presentation, and even sold the recipe to other bartenders. The cocktail achieved considerable popularity during its time and gained recognition through early cocktail guides, influencing the evolution of other sour-style drinks. Its elaborate presentation and refined taste made it a sought-after choice for discerning drinkers.","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! (Revised and Updated Edition), 2015, discusses the Brandy Crusta as originating in New Orleans in the 1850s.","technique":"1. Prepare the glass: Moisten the rim of a chilled coupe or wine glass with a lemon wedge. Dip the rim in sugar to create a sugared crust.\n2. Prepare the lemon peel: Carefully peel a lemon in one long, continuous spiral. Drape the peel inside the glass, so it lines the entire inner surface.\n3. Chill the glass: Place the prepared glass in the freezer to chill thoroughly.\n4. Combine ingredients: In a shaker, combine brandy, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, sugar syrup, and bitters.\n5. Add ice: Fill the shaker with ice.\n6. Shake well: Shake vigorously until well-chilled.\n7. Strain: Strain the mixture into the prepared glass, being careful not to disturb the lemon peel.\n8. Serve immediately.","garnish":"Large lemon peel, carefully peeled in one long spiral, to line the inside of the glass; sugared rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"The foundation of the cocktail, providing warmth and a spirituous backbone with its grape-derived flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":10,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a delicate almond-like flavor and sweetness, contributing to the drink's complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity to balance the sweetness and enhance the flavors of the brandy and liqueur."},{"amount":2,"name":"Sugar Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice, creating overall balance."},{"amount":2,"name":"Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Adds subtle bitterness and complexity, enhancing the overall aroma and flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Floral","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Screwdriver",{"cocktail":{"name":"Screwdriver","description":"The Screwdriver is a simple yet refreshing cocktail consisting of vodka and orange juice. Its origins are somewhat murky, with popular theories linking it to American oil workers in the Persian Gulf during the 1940s or 50s. The workers supposedly mixed vodka into their orange juice using screwdrivers, hence the name. Its ease of preparation and palatable flavor have made it a long-standing favorite. The Screwdriver is typically served in a highball glass over ice, and it can be easily customized by adjusting the ratio of vodka to orange juice to suit individual preferences. Some variations include adding a splash of other fruit juices or using flavored vodkas for added complexity. The drink's simplicity makes it a popular choice for casual gatherings and brunches.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add vodka. Top with orange juice. Stir gently to combine.","garnish":"Orange slice or wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides the alcoholic base and clean canvas for the citrus flavors to express. Its neutral profile ensures that the orange juice remains the dominant flavor."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice provides the primary flavor component, contributing sweetness and citrus notes. It dilutes the vodka, making the drink more palatable and hydrating."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":2,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Paradise",{"cocktail":{"name":"Paradise","description":"$48","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock, Savoy Cocktail Book (1930)","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker. Fill with ice and shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":35,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical backbone, contributing a complex array of flavors from juniper, coriander, and other botanicals. Its high alcohol content also contributes to the overall booziness of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot brandy contributes a unique stone fruit flavor, adding sweetness and a subtle almond-like note. It enhances the complexity and distinguishes this cocktail from other sours."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice provides a citrusy sweetness and acidity, complementing the gin and apricot brandy. It dilutes the drink slightly and contributes to the overall balance."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Smash",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smash","description":"The Smash is a versatile and refreshing cocktail that falls into the 'cobbler' family of drinks. It's essentially a julep variation that embraces seasonal fruits and herbs. Originating in the 19th century, the Smash was popularized by legendary bartenders like Jerry Thomas, who included a recipe in his seminal book, 'How to Mix Drinks' (1862). The beauty of the Smash lies in its adaptability; the base spirit can be customized, and the fresh ingredients vary according to what's available. Mint is a common element, but other herbs and fruits, like berries, peaches, and cucumbers, can also be incorporated. The drink is typically built in the glass, allowing the ingredients to meld together through muddling and dilution from ice. The final result is a vibrant, aromatic, and balanced beverage that is perfect for warm weather gatherings.","historical_reference":"Jerry Thomas, 'How to Mix Drinks' (1862) includes recipes resembling the modern smash, solidifying its 19th-century origins.","technique":"In a shaker tin, gently muddle the mint leaves and fresh fruit with the simple syrup. Add the bourbon and lemon juice. Fill the shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Mint sprig and a fresh fruit slice (e.g., lemon wheel, berry, or peach slice depending on the fruit used in the drink). Gently slap the mint sprig to release its aroma before placing it on the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the base spirit, contributing oaky, vanilla, and caramel notes that form the foundation of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Adds a refreshing, herbaceous element to the cocktail, complementing the bourbon and citrus."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice and the bitterness of the bourbon."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity, which balances the sweetness and booziness, creating a more refreshing and palatable drink."},{"amount":50,"name":"Fresh Fruit (Berries or Peach)","unit":"g","rationale":"Contributes fresh fruit flavor and sweetness, complementing the base spirit and other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Citrus","Woody","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Blow My Skull",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blow My Skull","description":"The 'Blow My Skull' cocktail, despite its rather aggressive name, is a classic cocktail known for its potent blend of spirits and unique flavor profile. It has roots dating back to the early days of cocktail culture. While precise historical origins remain somewhat obscure, similar concoctions were popular during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, a period marked by experimentation and the use of strong spirits. The name likely alludes to the drink's high alcohol content and the intense sensation it delivers. The combination of gin and rum creates a complex base, enhanced by the addition of complementary liqueurs and citrus. Today, it's appreciated by those who enjoy bold, assertive cocktails with a balance of sweetness, sourness, and herbal notes. The drink showcases the mixological creativity of bygone eras and remains a testament to the enduring appeal of well-crafted, spirit-forward beverages. Blow My Skull is a historical curiosity—a cocktail name evoking both caution and daring enjoyment.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, forming the foundational flavor profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Light rum contributes a subtle sweetness and tropical note, adding depth without overpowering the gin."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur provides a distinctive cherry note and a subtle sweetness, contributing to the cocktail's complexity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao introduces a citrusy sweetness and aromatic depth, complementing the other ingredients and rounding out the flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds a vital sour component to balance the sweetness and enhance the flavors of the spirits and liqueurs."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Piscola",{"cocktail":{"name":"Piscola","description":"The Piscola is a popular Chilean highball cocktail made by mixing pisco and cola. It's considered one of Chile's most ubiquitous and iconic drinks. Its origins are debated, but it's generally accepted that the Piscola gained popularity in the late 20th century, becoming a staple at parties, bars, and social gatherings. The combination of pisco, a grape-based brandy, and cola creates a sweet, refreshing, and easily drinkable beverage. The exact proportions of pisco to cola can vary based on personal preference, but a common ratio is 1:1 or 1:2. The Piscola is often served with ice and a slice of lemon or lime. While simple in its construction, the Piscola holds cultural significance in Chile, representing a national drink enjoyed by many. Variations exist, such as using different types of cola (e.g., diet cola) or adding other ingredients like bitters or fruit juices. The drink's accessibility and widespread appeal have contributed to its enduring popularity in Chile.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add pisco and cola. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lemon or lime wedge, if desired.","garnish":"Lemon or lime wedge, optional.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pisco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pisco provides the alcoholic base and distinctive flavor profile of the cocktail, contributing to its overall booziness and defining character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cola adds sweetness, carbonation, and a recognizable flavor profile, complementing the pisco and providing the drink's characteristic color and fizziness."},{"amount":60,"name":"Ice","unit":"grams","rationale":"Ice chills the drink and dilutes it slightly. It improves the flavor and ensures it is a palatable refreshing beverage."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Vanilla","Citrus","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Vieux Carré",{"cocktail":{"name":"Vieux Carré","description":"The Vieux Carré, meaning 'Old Square' in French, is a classic New Orleans cocktail created in 1938 by Walter Bergeron, head bartender at the Carousel Bar in the Hotel Monteleone. This sophisticated and complex cocktail showcases the city's rich blend of French, Spanish, and American influences. It combines rye whiskey, cognac, sweet vermouth, Bénédictine, and both Peychaud's and Angostura bitters, resulting in a harmonious balance of sweet, bitter, and herbal flavors. The Vieux Carré is a testament to the city's cocktail culture, offering a layered drinking experience that evolves with each sip. It is a potent yet refined drink, perfect for savoring and contemplating the vibrant history of New Orleans. Its careful balance and intricate flavor profile have solidified its place as a beloved classic among cocktail enthusiasts worldwide. Served straight up, it embodies elegance and complexity, making it a sophisticated choice for discerning palates.","historical_reference":"Stanley Clisby Arthur, \"Famous New Orleans Drinks and How to Mix 'Em,\" 1937, mentions the Carousel Bar, but the Vieux Carré cocktail recipe appears in later editions.","technique":"Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into a chilled rocks glass or coupe. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and drop the peel into the glass. Optionally, garnish with a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon peel, expressed and placed in the glass. Optional: maraschino cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye provides a spicy backbone and structure to the cocktail, lending assertive notes of pepper and spice to balance the sweetness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac adds depth and complexity with its fruity and oaky notes, complementing the rye and providing a smooth, luxurious mouthfeel."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet Vermouth introduces a rich, sweet, and slightly bitter element, binding the base spirits together with its herbal and spiced notes."},{"amount":7,"name":"Bénédictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bénédictine contributes a unique honeyed sweetness and complex herbal profile, adding a layer of intrigue and tying the various flavors together."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Peychaud's Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Peychaud's Bitters contribute a delicate floral and anise note, adding a distinctive New Orleans character and aromatic complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura Bitters provide a bitter, herbal backbone that balances the sweetness of the other ingredients and adds depth."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Spicy","Bitter","Fruity","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Bronx",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bronx","description":"$49","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock, Savoy Cocktail Book (1930)","technique":"Chill a coupe or Martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange twist over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin forms the foundation of the cocktail, providing botanical complexity and the primary alcoholic backbone."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice contributes sweetness, acidity, and a vibrant citrus note."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Brandy Manhattan",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brandy Manhattan","description":"The Brandy Manhattan is a variation of the classic Manhattan cocktail, substituting the traditional rye whiskey with brandy, also known as Cognac in many regions. This substitution creates a smoother, fruitier, and often slightly sweeter profile compared to its whiskey-based counterpart. The Brandy Manhattan retains the core elements of the Manhattan family, incorporating sweet vermouth and bitters to balance and complement the base spirit. It's a cocktail that emphasizes the nuances of the brandy, allowing its character to shine through while maintaining the sophisticated structure of the original Manhattan. The drink can be traced back to the late 19th century, arising alongside the increased availability and appreciation for quality brandy in American bars. Some bartenders add a dash of simple syrup to enhance the sweet vermouth when preparing the Brandy Manhattan.","historical_reference":"The Manhattan cocktail emerged in the 1870s in New York City. While its exact origin is debated, it quickly gained popularity, leading to various riffs, including the Brandy Manhattan. There is no single verifiable documented origin of the brandy variant but it evolved as brandy became a readily available alternative. (Source not found)","technique":"Combine the brandy, sweet vermouth, and bitters in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled, about 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, skewered, or a lemon twist, expressing oils over the drink and placing on the rim. The cherry adds sweetness, while the lemon twist provides a citrus aroma.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"The brandy provides the foundational flavor and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, contributing warmth and subtle fruit notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth balances the brandy's strength and adds a layer of herbal and spiced sweetness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bitters provide depth and complexity, adding a bitter counterpoint to the sweetness and enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Chicago Cocktail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Chicago Cocktail","description":"$4a","historical_reference":"Recipe appears in The Savoy Cocktail Book (1930) by Harry Craddock","technique":"In an old-fashioned glass, muddle the sugar cube with the bitters and a little water until dissolved. Add the brandy and Orange Curaçao. Fill the glass with ice. Stir gently to combine and chill. Garnish with an orange slice and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice and maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brandy serves as the foundational spirit, providing warmth and depth with its rich, fruity notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao provides a sweet citrus note, complementing the brandy and bitters."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar Cube","unit":"pc","rationale":"Sugar adds a touch of sweetness to balance the bitterness of the bitters and the dryness of the brandy."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters introduce complexity and depth, adding a layer of spice and bitterness that enhances the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Bitter","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Mango Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mango Sour","description":"$4b","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If using egg white, dry shake all ingredients without ice for 15 seconds. 2. Add ice to the shaker. 3. Shake vigorously until well-chilled (approximately 15-20 seconds). 4. Double strain into a chilled coupe or sour glass. 5. Garnish with a mango slice or lime wedge.","garnish":"Mango slice or lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and a clean canvas for the other flavors to shine without overpowering them."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Mango Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary mango flavor, sweetness, and a slight thickness to the cocktail."},{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial sour element to balance the sweetness of the mango and simple syrup, creating a well-rounded flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adjusts the sweetness level, complementing the mango and lime."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White (Optional)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a creamy texture and frothy head. Can be omitted for a vegan version."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","El Diablo",{"cocktail":{"name":"El Diablo","description":"$4c","historical_reference":"No verifiable historical source found.","technique":"Combine tequila, crème de cassis, and lime juice in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled highball glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila provides the foundation, offering earthy and vegetal notes that anchor the cocktail. Its ABV contributes to the drink's overall strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Crème de Cassis","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de cassis infuses the cocktail with a rich, dark berry sweetness and a deep red color, providing a distinctive flavor that complements the tequila and lime."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice adds a crucial sour element, balancing the sweetness of the crème de cassis and providing a refreshing citrusy zest that complements the tequila and ginger."},{"amount":90,"name":"Ginger Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Ginger beer contributes a spicy and effervescent quality, adding a layer of complexity and refreshment. Its subtle sweetness also enhances the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Cooperstown",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cooperstown","description":"The Cooperstown cocktail is a celebration of apple flavors, showcasing the versatility of apple brandy. It balances the richness of the brandy with the sweetness of maple syrup and the tartness of lemon juice, creating a harmonious and refreshing drink. The inclusion of aromatic bitters adds depth and complexity, while a dash of absinthe provides a subtle anise note, enhancing the overall flavor profile. This cocktail is perfect as an aperitif or a dessert drink, offering a delightful taste of autumn in a glass. It’s named after Cooperstown, New York, likely referencing the region's apple orchards.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with an apple slice or lemon twist.","garnish":"Apple slice or lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple brandy provides the cocktail's base flavor and alcoholic backbone, contributing fruity notes and warmth."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds acidity to balance the sweetness, providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":7,"name":"Maple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maple syrup introduces a natural sweetness and adds depth of flavor."},{"amount":2,"name":"Aromatic Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters provide complexity and balance, adding subtle spicy and herbal notes."},{"amount":1,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"dash","rationale":"Absinthe provides subtle anise notes."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Caju Amigo",{"cocktail":{"name":"Caju Amigo","description":"The Caju Amigo is a simple yet delightful Brazilian cocktail that showcases the unique flavors of Cachaça. It's a refreshing and easy-to-make drink perfect for warm weather. The combination of cachaça and cashew fruit (caju) creates a balanced sweet and slightly tart taste, making it a popular choice in Brazil and increasingly appreciated worldwide. The drink's simplicity highlights the quality of the ingredients, emphasizing the importance of using good cachaça and fresh cashew fruit. Its refreshing qualities make it an ideal choice for casual gatherings or as an aperitif. The name 'Caju Amigo' translates to 'Cashew Friend,' reflecting the harmonious blend of these two key components, celebrating Brazilian flavors in a single glass. Traditionally, it is prepared directly in the glass and stirred briefly, preserving the freshness and liveliness of the fruit. This cocktail encapsulates the spirit of Brazilian hospitality and the country's rich agricultural heritage.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cachaça and cashew fruit juice in a glass with ice. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a slice of cashew fruit. Best served fresh.","garnish":"Cashew slice on the rim of the glass or inside the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the base spirit, offering a grassy and fruity profile that is characteristic of Brazilian sugarcane spirits."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cashew Fruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cashew fruit juice provides a distinct tropical sweetness and slight tartness, complementing the cachaça's profile and adding depth to the cocktail's flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Earthy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":3,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Derby",{"cocktail":{"name":"Derby","description":"$4d","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide. \"Derby Cocktail\"","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Lime wheel or mint sprig","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the base flavor profile, offering notes of vanilla, caramel, and oak, contributing to the cocktail's overall warmth and depth."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides a refreshing tartness that balances the sweetness of the simple syrup and complements the bourbon's flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lime juice, creating a harmonious and palatable drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Woody","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Cuban Sunset",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cuban Sunset","description":"$4e","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Fill a shaker with ice. 2. Add white rum, pineapple juice, and lime juice to the shaker. 3. Shake well until chilled. 4. Strain into a chilled glass (such as a hurricane glass or highball glass) filled with ice. 5. Gently pour grenadine down the side of the glass so that it settles at the bottom, creating a layered effect.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry on a cocktail pick.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the foundational alcoholic base, contributing a light, subtly sweet flavor profile characteristic of Caribbean cocktails."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a vibrant red color and a sweet pomegranate flavor, creating the sunset effect as it settles to the bottom of the glass."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a tropical sweetness and body, complementing the rum and enhancing the overall fruity character."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity to balance the sweetness and adds a refreshing citrus note."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Citrus","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":5,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Savoy Affair",{"cocktail":{"name":"Savoy Affair","description":"The Savoy Affair cocktail is a delightful blend of gin, apricot brandy, orange juice, and grenadine, resulting in a sweet and fruity concoction. It is found in the Savoy Cocktail Book. Its precise origins are not fully documented beyond its inclusion in the Savoy Cocktail Book, which suggests it was a popular drink during that era. The cocktail's balance hinges on the combination of the gin's botanicals, the apricot brandy's fruity sweetness, the orange juice's tangy brightness, and the grenadine's rich, fruity notes. The cocktail is a celebration of flavors that complement each other to make a harmonious whole. The Savoy Affair represents the creativity and elegance of cocktail culture during the early 20th century.","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock, The Savoy Cocktail Book (1930)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.","garnish":"Orange twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic base and botanical backbone of the cocktail, contributing complexity and structure."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot brandy provides a sweet and fruity note that complements the gin, adding depth and complexity to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice contributes a citrusy tang that complements the sweetness of the apricot brandy and grenadine, while adding brightness and acidity."},{"amount":5,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine adds sweetness, color, and a fruity element, balancing the other ingredients and contributing to the cocktail's visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Harvey Wallbanger",{"cocktail":{"name":"Harvey Wallbanger","description":"The Harvey Wallbanger is a variation on the Screwdriver cocktail that became popular in the 1960s and 1970s. Legend has it that the drink was created in 1952 by Donato 'Duke' Antone, a bartender at Duke's Blackwatch Bar in Los Angeles, California. The name supposedly came from a surfer named Harvey who frequented the bar and would bang his head against the wall after consuming a few of these cocktails. The drink's popularity surged thanks to an aggressive marketing campaign featuring a cartoon surfer. Though it experienced a decline in popularity in later years, it remains a classic example of mid-century cocktail culture. It's a simple drink with a distinctive orange and herbal flavor profile that makes it very palatable.","historical_reference":"Multiple sources attribute the creation to Donato 'Duke' Antone in 1952, with the name possibly derived from a surfer. However, verifiable historical documentation from that era is lacking. Source not found.","technique":"Pour vodka and orange juice into a highball glass filled with ice. Gently float the Galliano on top. Garnish with an orange slice.","garnish":"Orange slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral alcoholic base, allowing the other flavors to shine without adding significant character of its own. It contributes to the overall booziness of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Galliano L'Autentico","unit":"ml","rationale":"Galliano adds a complex herbal and vanilla sweetness that differentiates the Harvey Wallbanger from a simple Screwdriver. Its blend of Mediterranean herbs gives a distinct aromatic quality."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice contributes sweetness, acidity, and a dominant citrus flavor, which is the core of the drink's appeal. The juice also adds to the overall volume and dilutes the alcohol content slightly."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Vanilla","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Whiskey Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Whiskey Sour","description":"The Whiskey Sour is a timeless cocktail that balances the strength of whiskey with the tartness of citrus and a touch of sweetness. Its origins can be traced back to the 19th century, possibly originating with sailors who mixed whiskey with citrus to combat scurvy. The addition of egg white, while optional, lends a silky texture and creates a beautiful foamy head. The Whiskey Sour showcases the versatility of whiskey and its ability to complement other flavors, making it a staple in bars around the world. It is simple to make but requires fresh ingredients and precise measurements for optimal taste. The drink is a true classic that continues to evolve, with variations incorporating different types of whiskey, sweeteners, and garnishes, but always retaining the core balance of sweet, sour, and spirituous.","historical_reference":"The first verifiable mention of a 'whiskey sour' was in the 1862 book 'How to Mix Drinks' by Jerry Thomas. Another possible origin refers to the sailors in the British Navy who were given daily rations of whiskey and lemon juice.","technique":"1. Combine bourbon whiskey, fresh lemon juice, simple syrup, and egg white (if using) in a shaker.\n2. Dry shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white.\n3. Add ice to the shaker and shake well until chilled.\n4. Strain into an ice-filled rocks glass.\n5. Garnish with an orange slice and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice and maraschino cherry","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the primary flavor profile with notes of vanilla, caramel, and oak, offering a robust foundation to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and spirit, creating the signature 'sour' element."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the tart lemon juice and complement the whiskey, ensuring a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white is optional and adds a creamy texture and frothy head to the cocktail, enhancing the overall mouthfeel and visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Sour","Fruity","Woody","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Ward Eight",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ward Eight","description":"The Ward Eight is a pre-Prohibition cocktail that originated in Boston, Massachusetts. It was created in 1898 at the Locke-Ober Cafe to honor Martin Lomasney, a prominent political figure in Boston's Ward 8. The cocktail quickly gained popularity for its balanced sweet and sour flavors, with a vibrant blend of whiskey, citrus, and grenadine. It is often considered a variation on the Whiskey Sour or the Scofflaw, offering a slightly sweeter and fruitier experience. The Ward Eight is a classic example of early American mixology, showcasing how simple ingredients can be combined to create a memorable and enjoyable drink. The grenadine adds a distinctive red hue, enhancing the cocktail's visual appeal. It is typically served straight up in a coupe or martini glass, allowing the aromatic components to fully express themselves. Despite its age, the Ward Eight remains a beloved choice for those who appreciate a well-crafted, historical cocktail with a story.","historical_reference":"The Ward Eight cocktail was created in 1898 at the Locke-Ober Cafe in Boston, Massachusetts, to celebrate the election victory of Martin Lomasney in Ward 8.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Orange slice or a brandied cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the robust backbone and spicy character that defines the cocktail's profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a subtle pomegranate flavor, enhancing the overall balance."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a tart, citrusy edge that balances the sweetness and adds brightness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a sweeter, citrus note, enhancing the overall fruitiness and complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Moon River",{"cocktail":{"name":"Moon River","description":"The Moon River cocktail is a delicate and refreshing drink, designed to evoke a sense of tranquility and understated elegance. Its precise origins are somewhat obscure, contributing to its mystique. It gained popularity for its balanced profile, combining the botanical notes of gin with the sweetness of apricot liqueur and the slight tartness of lemon juice. This cocktail is favored for its light and approachable nature, making it a perfect aperitif or a sophisticated choice for a casual gathering. While not steeped in centuries of history like some classics, the Moon River represents a modern appreciation for subtle flavors, aligning with the trend of lighter, more nuanced cocktails. It is often found on cocktail menus seeking to offer something that bridges the gap between traditional drinks and contemporary tastes, showcasing a delightful harmony of flavors that makes it a memorable and enjoyable experience.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine gin, apricot liqueur, and lemon juice in a shaker with ice. Shake well until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express a lemon twist over the drink and use it as garnish.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic base and botanical complexity, setting the stage for other flavors to build upon."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot liqueur introduces a subtle stone fruit sweetness and aromatic complexity, complementing the gin's botanicals."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and enhance the other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Jack Rose",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jack Rose","description":"$4f","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! From Absinthe Cocktail to Whiskey Smash, a Salute in Stories and Drinks to 'Professor' Jerry Thomas, Pioneer of the American Bar (New York: Perigee, 2007), p. 248","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Apple slice or a lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple brandy, typically Calvados or Applejack, provides the foundational flavor, contributing fruity and slightly tart notes. It acts as the primary source of alcohol and character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine provides sweetness, a vibrant red color, and subtle pomegranate notes that enrich the overall flavor profile. It serves as the primary sweetening agent and contributes to the cocktail's characteristic hue."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds acidity, balancing the sweetness of the grenadine and complementing the apple brandy's fruitiness. It provides the necessary sour element for a balanced cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","My Fair Lady",{"cocktail":{"name":"My Fair Lady","description":"$50","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If using egg white, dry shake all ingredients vigorously for 15 seconds to emulsify. 2. Add ice to the shaker. 3. Shake well until chilled (approximately 15-20 seconds). 4. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. 5. Garnish with a lemon twist or an edible flower.","garnish":"Lemon twist or edible flower (e.g., pansy)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone, offering a botanical complexity that complements the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces apricot notes, adding subtle sweetness and depth to the flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides essential acidity to balance the sweetness and integrate the flavors."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White (Optional)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a velvety texture and frothy head, contributing to the overall mouthfeel."},{"amount":7,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a touch of sweetness, color, and subtle fruity notes."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Sidecar",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sidecar","description":"The Sidecar is a classic cocktail traditionally made with cognac, lemon juice, and orange liqueur. Its origins are debated, with stories linking it to both London and Paris around the time of World War I. One popular theory suggests it was named after a U.S. Army captain who was driven around in the sidecar of a motorcycle. The cocktail's recipe has varied over time, with some versions calling for equal parts of each ingredient, while others favor a higher proportion of cognac. A sugar rim is sometimes added, complementing the drink's balance of sweet and sour. The Sidecar is considered part of the 'sour' family of cocktails, related to the Margarita and Daiquiri. Its enduring appeal lies in its simple yet elegant composition, showcasing the quality of its ingredients and the skill of the bartender. A well-made Sidecar offers a harmonious blend of rich cognac, tart citrus, and the subtle sweetness of orange liqueur, making it a sophisticated and refreshing choice.","historical_reference":"The exact origin is debated, but the Sidecar is thought to have originated around World War I, either in London or Paris. David Embury's *The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks* (1948) features a recipe and discusses its popularity.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. If desired, rim the glass with sugar. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker. Fill with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink, then use the peel as garnish on the rim.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and then placed on the rim of the glass. Alternatively, sugar rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac provides the base flavor, offering a complex blend of fruit, spice, and oak notes that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur contributes sweetness, adds complex citrus notes, and integrates the base spirit and the lemon juice to achieve balance and depth of flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the essential sourness that balances the sweetness of the liqueur and spirit, creating a vibrant and refreshing profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Clover Club",{"cocktail":{"name":"Clover Club","description":"$51","historical_reference":"The Clover Club is mentioned in \"The Ideal Bartender\" by Tom Bullock (1917) and \"Recipes for Mixed Drinks\" by Hugo Ensslin (1916).","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass. 2. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice (dry shake). 3. Vigorously shake for about 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 4. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled. 5. Double strain into the chilled glass. 6. Garnish with fresh raspberries or a lemon twist.","garnish":"3 fresh raspberries skewered on a cocktail pick or a delicate lemon twist.","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical backbone of the cocktail, offering a complex profile of juniper and other herbs that complement the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Raspberry Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Raspberry syrup contributes sweetness and a distinctive fruity flavor, complementing the gin's botanicals and adding the characteristic pink hue to the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice introduces the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and bring brightness to the drink, creating a balanced and refreshing experience."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white creates a smooth, velvety texture and adds a creamy mouthfeel to the cocktail, softening the sharp edges of the alcohol and citrus."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Creamy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Death in the Afternoon",{"cocktail":{"name":"Death in the Afternoon","description":"$52","historical_reference":"So Red the Nose, or Breath in the Afternoon is a collection of celebrity cocktail recipes published in 1935 with the recipe accredited to Ernest Hemingway.","technique":"Pour absinthe into a Champagne flute. Top with chilled Champagne. Gently stir until the drink turns opalescent.","garnish":"None typically, though a lemon twist is sometimes used as a modern addition.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe provides a strong anise flavor and aromatic complexity, acting as the primary spirit and backbone of the cocktail, defining its distinctive taste profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Champagne","unit":"ml","rationale":"Champagne contributes dryness, effervescence, and a delicate fruitiness, complementing the absinthe's intensity and creating a balanced, sparkling cocktail experience."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Anise","Fruity","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":8,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Old Etonian",{"cocktail":{"name":"Old Etonian","description":"$53","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide to Cocktails (Simon Difford, 2002)","technique":"Chill a coupe or cocktail glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange twist over the drink and discard.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed and discarded","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing juniper and other herbal notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot brandy introduces a sweet, fruity note that complements the gin and Lillet."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lillet Blanc","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc adds a subtle wine-like quality with floral and slightly bitter notes that soften the gin's sharpness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters contribute aromatic complexity and balance the sweetness and gin."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Widow's Kiss",{"cocktail":{"name":"Widow's Kiss","description":"$54","historical_reference":"First documented in George J. Kappeler's \"Modern American Drinks\" (1895).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple Brandy (Calvados) forms the base of the cocktail, providing a rich, fruity foundation with a hint of apple tartness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Benedictine adds herbal and honeyed notes, contributing to the cocktail's overall complexity and richness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Yellow Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Yellow Chartreuse contributes sweetness, floral, and herbal notes, complementing the Benedictine and softening the apple brandy."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Angostura bitters provide a subtle spicy and bitter counterpoint, balancing the sweetness and adding complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Spicy","Floral","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Japanese Slipper",{"cocktail":{"name":"Japanese Slipper","description":"$55","historical_reference":"First created by Jean-Paul Bourguignon in 1984 at Mietta's Restaurant in Melbourne, Australia. Source: Difford's Guide.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add Midori, Cointreau, and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"A maraschino cherry, placed on a cocktail pick or directly into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Midori Melon Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Midori provides the primary flavor profile, offering a vibrant melon sweetness and distinctive green color."},{"amount":30,"name":"Cointreau","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cointreau contributes a citrusy orange note and adds complexity and body to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and add a refreshing tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":5,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Campari Spritz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Campari Spritz","description":"$56","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide states that the first spritz appeared in the early 1800s (https://www.diffordsguide.com/beer-wine-spirits/category/126/spritz-cocktails)","technique":"Fill a wine glass with ice. Add the Campari. Top with sparkling wine, then add soda water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange slice.","garnish":"Orange slice, placed on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":90,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary bitter and herbal flavor, as well as the signature vibrant red color of the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Sparkling Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and a touch of sweetness to balance the bitterness of the Campari. Prosecco is traditionally used."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds further dilution and effervescence, softening the overall intensity and contributing to a lighter, more refreshing texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Fruity","Citrus","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Redheaded Slut",{"cocktail":{"name":"Redheaded Slut","description":"The Redheaded Slut is a layered shot known for its sweet and slightly herbal flavor profile and vibrant color. Its playful name and ease of preparation have contributed to its popularity, especially in social settings. While the exact origins are difficult to pinpoint, it's generally agreed that the shot gained traction in the late 20th or early 21st century, likely emerging from bar culture where creative mixology and novelty drinks thrive. The combination of ingredients creates a balance between sweetness from the peach schnapps and cranberry juice, and a contrasting herbal bitterness and spice from the Jägermeister. It's often served as a celebratory shot due to its bright color and appealing taste, offering an experience that is both fun and flavorful. The layered effect adds to its visual appeal, making it a popular choice for those seeking a visually impressive and palatable shot. Because of the shot's relative novelty, solid historical sources are sparse.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Carefully layer the ingredients in a shot glass in the following order: Peach Schnapps, Jägermeister, then Cranberry Juice. The layering effect is achieved by gently pouring each liquid over the back of a spoon to minimize mixing.","garnish":"None typically, but occasionally a cherry can be added.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Jägermeister","unit":"ml","rationale":"Jägermeister provides a complex herbal and slightly bitter base note, contributing to the drink's overall depth and distinctive character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Peach Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"Peach schnapps contributes a pronounced sweet and fruity element, complementing the herbal notes of Jägermeister and softening the overall profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cranberry juice introduces a tart and slightly acidic counterpoint to the sweetness of the other components, adding complexity and balance."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Piña Colada",{"cocktail":{"name":"Piña Colada","description":"The Piña Colada is a sweet, rum-based cocktail made with rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice, usually served either blended or shaken with ice. The cocktail's origins are hotly debated, with competing claims from bartenders in Puerto Rico in the mid-20th century. The Caribe Hilton Hotel in San Juan claims that Ramón 'Monchito' Marrero Pérez, a bartender, created it in 1954. However, the Barrachina restaurant also claims its creation by Ramón Portas Mingot in 1963. Regardless of its true origin, the Piña Colada gained widespread popularity, becoming a symbol of tropical relaxation and vacation. It was officially declared the national drink of Puerto Rico in 1978. The drink's appeal lies in its creamy texture, tropical flavors, and relatively simple preparation, making it a staple at bars and resorts worldwide. Variations of the classic recipe exist, including the Lava Flow (with strawberry puree) and the Chi-Chi (with vodka instead of rum).","historical_reference":"Officially declared the national drink of Puerto Rico in 1978.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a blender with 1.5 cups of ice. Blend until smooth. Pour into a chilled glass. Garnish.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic backbone and a light sweetness that complements the other ingredients without overpowering them."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":90,"name":"Coconut Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coconut cream provides a rich, creamy texture and distinct coconut flavor, essential for the drink's characteristic profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes a vibrant tropical flavor and acidity, balancing the sweetness of the coconut cream."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Creamy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Brooklyn",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brooklyn","description":"$57","historical_reference":"Robert Hess, The Essential Bartender's Guide (2008) mentions early recipes from the 1930s and references versions appearing earlier.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides the robust and spicy foundation of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur adds a cherry-almond sweetness and a touch of complexity."},{"amount":7,"name":"Amer Picon or Cynar/Ramazzotti","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amer Picon or its substitute introduces a crucial element of bitterness, differentiating the Brooklyn from a Manhattan."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth contributes herbal and slightly bitter notes, balancing the sweetness of the liqueurs."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Fruity","Herbal","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Flip",{"cocktail":{"name":"Flip","description":"The Flip is a classic cocktail with a rich history, dating back to the 17th century when it was a simple mixture of beer, rum, and sugar, heated with a hot iron poker. This process created a frothy drink, hence the name 'Flip.' Over time, the Flip evolved, with beer being replaced by stronger spirits like brandy or sherry, and the addition of egg yolk for a richer texture and flavor. Nutmeg became a standard garnish, adding a warm, aromatic touch. The Flip gained popularity in the 18th and 19th centuries, often served as a nightcap or a restorative drink. Today, it remains a beloved classic, appreciated for its comforting warmth and velvety texture. The combination of spirit, sweetener, and egg creates a luxurious, full-bodied drink, perfect for cold evenings. Variations include the addition of different spices or the use of different spirits to tailor the flavor profile.","historical_reference":"Jerry Thomas, How to Mix Drinks (1862) provides an early recipe for Flips, solidifying its place in cocktail history. Available on EUVS Vintage Cocktail Books [https://euvslibrary.org/thomas/]. Other sources date back to 1695 for a beer flip iteration. ","technique":"1. Combine brandy, simple syrup, and egg yolk in a shaker.\n2. Dry shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg yolk, increasing volume, and creating a velvety texture.\n3. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled.\n4. Double strain into a chilled coupe or wine glass to remove ice shards, resulting in a silky smooth texture.\n5. Garnish with freshly grated nutmeg.","garnish":"Freshly grated nutmeg, creating an aromatic and visually appealing finish.","allergens":["egg"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brandy provides the primary alcoholic backbone, offering rich, fruity, and oaky notes that define the Flip's character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the spirit's intensity and the egg's richness, providing necessary sweetness to unify the cocktail's flavor profile."},{"amount":1,"name":"Egg Yolk","unit":"pc","rationale":"Egg yolk contributes to the Flip's signature creamy texture and adds richness, binding the ingredients together for a smooth mouthfeel."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Nutty","Vanilla","Fruity","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Barracuda",{"cocktail":{"name":"Barracuda","description":"$58","historical_reference":"Created by Valentino Bolognese for a Galliano competition around 2010.","technique":"Combine rum, pineapple juice, lime juice, and Galliano in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled champagne flute or coupe glass. Top with Prosecco. Garnish with a lime or pineapple wedge.","garnish":"Lime wedge or Pineapple wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gold Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gold rum provides the primary alcoholic backbone and a rich, slightly sweet base, contributing to the overall depth of flavor."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Galliano","unit":"ml","rationale":"Galliano contributes a distinctive vanilla and anise flavor, adding depth and complexity to the overall profile."},{"amount":60,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco adds effervescence and a dry finish, lifting the drink and providing a festive touch."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice introduces tropical sweetness and a complementary acidity, balancing the rum and Galliano."},{"amount":7,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice adds essential tartness, brightening the cocktail and providing a citrusy counterpoint to the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus","Vanilla","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Kir Royale",{"cocktail":{"name":"Kir Royale","description":"$59","historical_reference":"While a precise historical citation is elusive, the Kir Royale's origin is reliably traced to Félix Kir's efforts in post-WWII Dijon, France. (Approx. 1950s)","technique":"Pour the crème de cassis into a chilled champagne flute. Gently top with chilled Champagne. Stir lightly to combine. Garnish, if desired.","garnish":"Optional: A few fresh raspberries or a blackberry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Crème de Cassis","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de Cassis adds a rich, dark fruit sweetness to the cocktail and gives it a beautiful ruby red hue. It contains approximately 15-20% ABV, contributing a minimal alcoholic backbone."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Floral","Sweet","Berry"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Fuzzy Navel",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fuzzy Navel","description":"$5a","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add peach schnapps. Top with orange juice. Stir gently. Garnish as desired.","garnish":"Orange slice or cherry (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":45,"name":"Peach Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"This provides the dominant peach flavor and the alcoholic component, contributing to the cocktail's sweetness and aroma."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the citrusy and refreshing element, balancing the sweetness of the peach schnapps and adding volume to the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":false,"complexity":2,"sourness":3,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Shandy",{"cocktail":{"name":"Shandy","description":"The Shandy, also known as a Shandygaff, is a simple and refreshing beverage that combines beer with a non-alcoholic mixer, most commonly lemonade or ginger beer. Its origins are debated, with some claiming it originated in Britain in the mid-19th century, while others suggest German roots with variations like the 'Radler.' The purpose of the Shandy has always been to create a lighter, less alcoholic drink that is perfect for warm weather or for those who prefer a more subtle flavor profile. The ratio of beer to mixer can vary depending on personal preference, but traditionally, it's a 50/50 split. This combination softens the bitterness of the beer while adding sweetness and refreshing qualities. The shandy is highly adaptable, allowing for variations in both beer type (lager, ale, wheat beer) and mixer (lemonade, ginger beer, grapefruit soda), offering countless possibilities for customization. It remains a popular choice for its simplicity, refreshing taste, and lower alcohol content.","historical_reference":"Multiple sources indicate the Shandy's origin in Britain during the mid-19th century. While no specific document definitively claims its invention, its presence in British pubs from that period is well-attested. Some sources also point to the German 'Radler' as a similar, independently developed beverage.","technique":"1. Chill both the beer and lemonade. 2. Pour beer into a glass. 3. Top with lemonade. 4. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Lemon wedge or slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":150,"name":"Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic component and base flavor."},{"amount":150,"name":"Lemonade","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, citrus notes, and refreshing qualities."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Grassy","Yeasty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Vargtass",{"cocktail":{"name":"Vargtass","description":"$5b","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Chill a rocks glass or old-fashioned glass. 2. Add vodka and lingonberry concentrate to the glass. 3. Add ice cubes. 4. Stir gently to combine. 5. Garnish with fresh or frozen lingonberries, if desired.","garnish":"Lingonberries (fresh or frozen), optional","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a clean, neutral base that allows the other flavors to shine through without overpowering them."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lingonberry Concentrate","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lingonberry concentrate provides the signature tart and slightly sweet berry flavor, balancing the vodka's neutrality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tart"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Spicy Fifty",{"cocktail":{"name":"Spicy Fifty","description":"The Spicy Fifty is a modern classic cocktail created by Salvatore Calabrese at The Lanesborough Hotel in London. It's a sophisticated blend of vodka, elderflower liqueur, lime juice, and a touch of chili pepper. The drink is known for its balance of sweet, sour, spicy, and floral notes. The Spicy Fifty is a relatively recent creation, gaining popularity in the early 2000s. Its unique flavor profile quickly made it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts. Calabrese's innovative use of chili pepper in conjunction with the floral elderflower liqueur set it apart from other vodka-based cocktails. The name 'Spicy Fifty' is derived from the original price of the cocktail at the Lanesborough Hotel, reflecting its high-end status. Despite its simplicity, the cocktail offers a complex and intriguing taste experience, making it a testament to Calabrese's skill as a mixologist. It is often served in a coupe or martini glass and garnished with a red chili slice to emphasize its spicy character.","historical_reference":"Widely attributed to Salvatore Calabrese at The Lanesborough Hotel, London, early 2000s. No exact written source found, but frequently referenced in cocktail guides and online articles detailing Calabrese's creations.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with a thin slice of red chili pepper on the rim.","garnish":"Thin slice of red chili pepper, placed delicately on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail and a neutral canvas for the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a floral sweetness and aromatic complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Simple Syrup infused with Red Chili","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds controlled sweetness and distinct chili heat, creating the signature 'spicy' element."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity to balance the sweetness and complement the other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Floral","Citrus","Sweet","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Aviation",{"cocktail":{"name":"Aviation","description":"$5c","historical_reference":"Hugo Ensslin's 'Recipes for Mixed Drinks' (1916) details the original Aviation recipe.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Brandied cherry or lemon twist, depending on preference. Ensure the cherry is high-quality and the lemon twist is expressed to release its oils.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical foundation of the cocktail, contributing juniper, citrus, and other herbal notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Maraschino liqueur contributes a subtle almond and cherry flavor, adding a layer of sweetness and complexity to the cocktail."},{"amount":7,"name":"Crème de Violette","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Crème de Violette imparts a distinct floral aroma and violet flavor, giving the Aviation its characteristic color and unique flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"The lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and brighten the overall flavor profile, creating a refreshing tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Floral","Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","John Collins",{"cocktail":{"name":"John Collins","description":"The John Collins is a classic gin-based cocktail that dates back to the 19th century. Its exact origins are somewhat debated, but one popular story attributes it to a waiter named John Collins, who worked at Limmer's Old House in London. Originally, the cocktail was made with Old Tom Gin, a slightly sweeter style of gin. Over time, London Dry Gin became the more common choice. The John Collins is essentially a gin sour lengthened with carbonated water, making it a refreshing and effervescent drink, perfect for warm weather. It belongs to the Collins family of cocktails, which are distinguished by their use of a base spirit, lemon juice, sugar, and carbonated water, served in a tall glass over ice. Variations exist using other base spirits, resulting in drinks like the Tom Collins (gin), the Vodka Collins (vodka), and the Rum Collins (rum). The drink gained significant popularity during the late 19th and early 20th centuries and continues to be a beloved classic in bars around the world.","historical_reference":"Harry Johnson's Bartenders' Manual (1882) details a recipe for John Collins, indicating its prominence in the late 19th century. David Wondrich, 'Imbibe!' (2015) provides details on origins.","technique":"1. Chill a Collins glass.\n2. Add gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup to a shaker with ice.\n3. Shake well until well-chilled.\n4. Strain into the chilled Collins glass filled with ice.\n5. Top with carbonated water.\n6. Gently stir to combine.\n7. Garnish with a lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry. The lemon wheel provides an aromatic citrus element, while the maraschino cherry adds a touch of sweetness and visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational spirituous backbone, contributing complex botanical flavors that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice contributes essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":80,"name":"Carbonated Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Carbonated water adds effervescence and dilutes the drink, making it lighter and more refreshing."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Sweet","Sour","Refreshing"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Lime Rickey",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lime Rickey","description":"The Lime Rickey is a classic highball cocktail known for its simplicity and refreshing tartness. It's a simple yet satisfying combination of gin, lime juice, and carbonated water, offering a balanced and effervescent drinking experience. The drink dates back to the late 19th century in Washington D.C., named after Colonel Joe Rickey, a Democratic lobbyist who purportedly preferred his whiskey soda with lime rather than sugar. While originally made with bourbon, the Gin Rickey became more popular and is now the standard version. Its appeal lies in its versatility and adaptability to different spirits and flavor profiles, making it a timeless choice for warm weather enjoyment. The Lime Rickey is appreciated for its refreshing, clean taste and is easy to prepare at home or order at a bar. Its low sugar content makes it a lighter alternative to many other cocktails. Its enduring popularity is testament to the refreshing and balanced qualities of this simple yet elegant drink.","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! (Revised and Updated Edition), Perigee Trade, 2015. Mentions Colonel Joe Rickey and the drink's origin in Washington D.C. in the late 1800s.","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add gin, lime juice, and simple syrup. Top with soda water. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel, for garnish.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity to the drink, offering a counterpoint to the tart lime and sweet simple syrup."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers the essential sourness and citrusy brightness that defines the Rickey cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds a touch of sweetness to balance the acidity of the lime, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":90,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water provides the effervescence and dilutes the mixture, creating a light and refreshing highball."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sour","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":8,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Mary Pickford",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mary Pickford","description":"$5d","historical_reference":"Credited to Eddie Woelke at the Hotel Nacional de Cuba in the 1920s (though difficult to verify definitively).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, preferably Luxardo or similar quality.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"The white rum provides the alcoholic base, lending subtle sweetness and a clean profile that allows the other flavors to shine."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":5,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Maraschino liqueur adds a subtle almond and cherry complexity, contributing to the cocktail's depth and aroma."},{"amount":5,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"The grenadine provides sweetness and a delicate floral note, enhancing the visual appeal and overall balance of the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":45,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"The pineapple juice provides a crucial tropical sweetness and acidity, forming the foundation of the cocktail's flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Caipirinha",{"cocktail":{"name":"Caipirinha","description":"$5e","historical_reference":"While difficult to pinpoint an exact origin, most accounts suggest the Caipirinha emerged in the early 20th century in the state of São Paulo, Brazil, possibly as a remedy for the Spanish Flu. (Source not found)","technique":"Cut the lime into wedges. Add the lime wedges and sugar to an old-fashioned glass. Muddle well to release the lime juice and oils from the peel. Fill the glass with crushed ice. Pour the cachaça over the ice. Stir well to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge.","garnish":"Lime wedge. Cut a lime into wedges and use one as a garnish on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the alcoholic backbone and signature flavor of the Caipirinha. It's a spirit distilled from fermented sugarcane juice, offering a fruity and slightly grassy profile that complements the lime and sugar."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Lime","unit":"pcs","rationale":"Lime provides the essential sourness and citrus notes that balance the sweetness of the sugar. The muddling process extracts the oils from the peel, contributing to the overall flavor complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"White Sugar","unit":"tbsp","rationale":"Sugar sweetens the cocktail and helps to extract the oils from the lime during muddling. It balances the tartness of the lime and complements the flavor of the cachaça."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Mezcal Margarita",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mezcal Margarita","description":"$5f","historical_reference":"While a precise origin for the Mezcal Margarita is difficult to pinpoint, it is a modern variation of the classic Margarita, which is believed to have originated in Mexico in the 1930s or 1940s. The Mezcal Margarita likely emerged in the late 20th or early 21st century as mezcal gained popularity. (Source not found)","technique":"1. Prepare the glass: If desired, salt the rim of a chilled rocks glass by running a lime wedge around the rim and dipping it in salt. 2. Combine ingredients: In a shaker, combine the mezcal, lime juice, orange liqueur, and agave nectar. 3. Add ice: Fill the shaker with ice. 4. Shake well: Shake vigorously until well-chilled, about 15-20 seconds. 5. Strain: Strain the mixture into the prepared rocks glass filled with fresh ice. 6. Garnish: Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel, optionally a salted rim. Salt application: rub a lime wedge around the rim, then dip into salt.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Mezcal","unit":"ml","rationale":"Mezcal provides the smoky and earthy backbone of the cocktail, offering a complex profile that differentiates it from a standard Margarita. The spirit contributes the primary alcoholic strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur, like Cointreau or Triple Sec, enhances the citrus notes of the cocktail and adds a subtle sweetness and aromatic complexity. It bridges the gap between the spirit and citrus components."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice is essential for providing the necessary acidity and bright citrus notes to balance the sweetness and smoky flavors. It creates the characteristic tartness of a Margarita."},{"amount":15,"name":"Agave Nectar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Agave nectar adds sweetness to balance the sour lime and the spirit’s strength. It complements the mezcal's agave origins and provides a smoother sweetness than simple syrup."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Citrus","Fruity","Earthy","Salty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Zombie",{"cocktail":{"name":"Zombie","description":"The Zombie is a potent cocktail combining various rums, liqueurs, and fruit juices, known for its high alcohol content and complex flavor profile. Its creation is attributed to Don the Beachcomber in 1934, at his Hollywood restaurant. The drink was named for the effect it had on its consumers, supposedly turning them into the walking dead. The original recipe was a closely guarded secret, with variations appearing over time as bartenders attempted to recreate the drink. The Zombie gained popularity in the mid-20th century with the rise of tiki culture, becoming a staple of tropical-themed bars and restaurants. Its potent nature and exotic ingredients make it a memorable and somewhat dangerous cocktail, demanding respect and careful consumption. Modern versions often tone down the original's intensity while maintaining its signature blend of sweet, sour, and boozy flavors. It remains a symbol of tiki culture's playful and adventurous spirit.","historical_reference":"Beachbum Berry's 'Remixed' (2010) features a detailed history and several variations of the Zombie cocktail, tracing its lineage back to Don the Beachcomber's original recipe in 1934.","technique":"1. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until chilled. 3. Strain into a zombie glass filled with ice cubes. 4. Garnish with a mint sprig, cherry, and orange slice.","garnish":"Mint sprig, cherry, orange slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a light and sweet base, contributing to the cocktail's tropical profile."},{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and complexity with its molasses and caramel notes, essential for the Zombie's character."},{"amount":30,"name":"Gold Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bridges the gap between white and dark rum, offering a balanced flavor and color."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle cherry and almond note."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a hint of anise flavor and aroma, adding complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Acidity balances the sweetness and booziness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Falernum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet, spiced background with notes of almond, ginger, and lime."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a fruity note of pomegranate."},{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary tropical fruit flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Sweet","Spicy","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":6,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Pisco Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Pisco Sour","description":"$60","historical_reference":"The origin of the Pisco Sour is debated, but commonly attributed to Victor Vaughen Morris, an American bartender working in Lima, Peru, in the early 1920s. - *The Oxford Companion to Spirits & Cocktails* (2021)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker without ice and dry shake vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify the egg white. Add ice and shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or sour glass.","garnish":"3 drops of Angostura bitters, feathered with a toothpick","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":75,"name":"Pisco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pisco serves as the foundational spirit, providing the characteristic grape-based flavor and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides the essential sour element, balancing the sweetness and complementing the pisco's grape notes."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness, harmonizing the sourness of the lime and the strength of the pisco."},{"amount":25,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white contributes a creamy texture and frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel and visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sour","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":8,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Snakebite",{"cocktail":{"name":"Snakebite","description":"The Snakebite is a simple but potent beer cocktail traditionally made by layering equal parts lager and cider. Its origins are somewhat murky, but it is believed to have emerged in British pubs as a quick and easy way to create a stronger, more flavorful drink. Some variations include a dash of blackcurrant cordial (crème de cassis), which adds sweetness and color, resulting in a 'Snakebite and Black.' Purists, however, argue that the true Snakebite consists only of lager and cider. Due to its relatively high alcohol content and potential for rapid intoxication, some establishments may limit the number of Snakebites served to a single customer. The combination of the malty lager and the fruity cider creates a unique flavor profile that is both refreshing and deceptively strong. Its simplicity and accessibility have made it a popular choice among those seeking a straightforward and potent beverage. The drink is usually served in a pint glass and does not include any ice.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Pour equal parts chilled lager and chilled cider into a pint glass. Gently layer the cider on top of the lager to minimize mixing.","garnish":"None","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":142,"name":"Lager","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lager provides the beer base, contributing malt flavor and a refreshing crispness."},{"amount":142,"name":"Cider","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cider adds fruity notes and a contrasting tartness to balance the lager's maltiness."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Yeasty","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":4,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Suffering Bastard",{"cocktail":{"name":"Suffering Bastard","description":"The Suffering Bastard is a potent and refreshing cocktail created by Joe Scialom at the Shepheard's Hotel bar in Cairo during World War II. It was reportedly invented as a hangover cure for the many patrons who frequented the bar. Its mix of base spirits, lime, bitters, and ginger ale creates a complex flavor profile. The blend of gin and brandy lays a foundation of botanical dryness and rich fruitiness, respectively. Lime juice adds a crucial sour element, while bitters contribute a layer of herbal complexity. Ginger ale not only adds a bubbly lift, but also introduces a gentle spice that ties the whole drink together. Though originally designed to alleviate the symptoms of overindulgence, the Suffering Bastard has evolved into a classic cocktail enjoyed for its distinctive taste and historical significance. The combination of its diverse ingredients makes for a drink that is both invigorating and comforting, a testament to its intended purpose.","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! (Revised and Updated Edition), Perigee Trade, 2015","technique":"Add gin, brandy, orange curaçao, and lime juice to a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Top with ginger ale. Dash Angostura bitters on top. Garnish with a mint sprig and cucumber slice.","garnish":"Mint sprig, cucumber slice, and a dash of Angostura bitters on top","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a botanical backbone and dry complexity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth, fruit notes, and a subtle warmth."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds subtle sweetness and citrus notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the base spirits."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Adds aromatic complexity and depth, with notes of spice and herbs."},{"amount":90,"name":"Ginger Ale","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides effervescence, sweetness, and a spicy ginger flavor that ties the drink together."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Spicy","Citrus","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","French 75",{"cocktail":{"name":"French 75","description":"$61","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock's Savoy Cocktail Book (1930) features a well-known early recipe. The drink’s name alludes to the French 75mm field gun from World War I, suggesting a potent and impactful drink.","technique":"Combine gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled champagne flute. Top with Champagne. Express a lemon twist over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed and placed in the glass","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity to the cocktail, establishing the initial flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice introduces acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding brightness to the cocktail's flavor."},{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup provides sweetness, harmonizing with the sour lemon and alcoholic gin to create a balanced flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Fruity","Yeasty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":6,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Alabama Slammer",{"cocktail":{"name":"Alabama Slammer","description":"$62","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a tall glass filled with ice. Garnish as desired.","garnish":"Orange slice or cherry, or both. Can also use a sprig of mint for a visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a nutty sweetness that forms the base flavor profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Southern Comfort","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a complex blend of fruit and spice notes, enhancing the overall flavor."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Sloe Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a tart, berry-like flavor and a subtle dryness that balances the sweetness of the other components."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a citrusy sweetness that complements the other ingredients, while adding volume to the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Nutty","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":3,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","White Lady",{"cocktail":{"name":"White Lady","description":"$63","historical_reference":"While its exact origin is debated, the White Lady is documented in Harry Craddock's \"Savoy Cocktail Book\" (1930) and has earlier claims attributed to Harry MacElhone in 1919.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical complexity and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, lending a dry and aromatic character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Triple Sec (or other orange liqueur) contributes sweetness and citrus notes, enhancing the overall flavor profile and adding complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the essential sourness that balances the sweetness of the liqueur and complements the gin's botanical notes, adding brightness and acidity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Fruity","Sour","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Cremat",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cremat","description":"$64","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"$65","garnish":"Lemon peel, orange peel, coffee beans (3-5), caramelized sugar around the rim (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":200,"name":"Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rum provides the primary alcoholic base and a foundational sweetness and depth to the cocktail, its inherent molasses notes are essential to the overall flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":100,"name":"Granulated Sugar","unit":"g","rationale":"Sugar contributes essential sweetness, balancing the bitterness of the coffee beans and the acidity of the citrus fruits, while aiding in the caramelization process during the flambé."},{"amount":1,"name":"Lemon Peel","unit":"pc","rationale":"Lemon peel adds bright, zesty citrus notes that complement the rum and spices, enhancing the aromatic complexity of the beverage."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange Peel","unit":"pc","rationale":"Orange peel provides a sweet, slightly bitter citrus aroma that harmonizes with the other ingredients, enriching the overall depth of flavor."},{"amount":5,"name":"Coffee Beans","unit":"pc","rationale":"Coffee beans introduce a subtle bitter and roasted flavor, providing a counterpoint to the sweetness and adding a layer of complexity to the drink's profile."},{"amount":1,"name":"Cinnamon Stick","unit":"pc","rationale":"Cinnamon stick imparts warm, spicy notes that enhance the aromatic profile and contribute to the drink's comforting and festive character."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Spicy","Fruity","Nutty","Woody","Smoky"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Porto Flip",{"cocktail":{"name":"Porto Flip","description":"$66","historical_reference":"Harry Johnson's Bartenders' Manual (1882) features a Flip recipe, although the Porto Flip is most commonly found in later publications.","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass.\n2. Combine the Ruby Port, brandy, egg yolk, and simple syrup in a shaker with ice.\n3. Shake vigorously until well-chilled and emulsified.\n4. Double strain into the chilled glass.\n5. Grate fresh nutmeg over the top as garnish.","garnish":"Freshly grated nutmeg","allergens":["egg"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Ruby Port","unit":"ml","rationale":"Ruby Port provides the foundational rich, fruity, and subtly tannic base, contributing depth and a warming sensation to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brandy adds a complementary layer of warmth and complexity, enhancing the overall aromatic profile and alcoholic strength of the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Egg Yolk","unit":"large","rationale":"The egg yolk provides a rich, creamy texture and emulsifies the cocktail, adding body and a velvety mouthfeel."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the drink with sweetness and complements the Port's natural sugars, enhancing its overall palatability."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Creamy","Nutty","Vanilla","Chocolate","Wine"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Daiquiri",{"cocktail":{"name":"Daiquiri","description":"$67","historical_reference":"Jennings Cox, an American mining engineer, is often credited with creating the Daiquiri in Cuba around 1902. The cocktail is named after the Daiquiri mines near Santiago de Cuba.","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or cocktail glass.\n2. Add the white rum, fresh lime juice, and simple syrup to a cocktail shaker.\n3. Fill the shaker with ice.\n4. Shake well until the shaker is well-chilled, about 15-20 seconds.\n5. Double strain into the chilled glass.\n6. Garnish with a lime wheel or lime wedge (optional).","garnish":"Lime wheel or lime wedge (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, offering a clean and subtly sweet base for the other ingredients to build upon."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers the essential sour component, providing acidity that balances the sweetness and complements the rum's flavor profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to the cocktail, balancing the acidity of the lime juice and creating a harmonious blend with the rum."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Tropical","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Cosmopolitan",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cosmopolitan","description":"$68","historical_reference":"Dale DeGroff, \"The Craft of the Cocktail\" (2002) credits Cheryl Cook with the modern version in the 1980s.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine vodka, cranberry juice, lime juice, and orange liqueur in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and place the peel on the rim to garnish.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides the primary alcoholic backbone, offering a clean and neutral canvas for the other flavors to build upon."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Liqueur (e.g., Cointreau)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur introduces a sweet orange flavor and aromatic complexity, complementing the other ingredients and adding depth to the overall taste."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cranberry juice delivers the signature pink color and a tart, fruity note, providing a foundational element of the cocktail's flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice contributes a crucial element of acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing, citrusy brightness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Pink Lady",{"cocktail":{"name":"Pink Lady","description":"$69","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice. Dry shake vigorously for 15 seconds to emulsify the egg white. Add ice to the shaker and shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Brandied cherry","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity to the cocktail, offering a dry counterpoint to the sweeter elements."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine adds sweetness, a subtle tartness, and the characteristic pink color."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice contributes acidity, balancing the sweetness of the grenadine and enhancing the overall brightness of the cocktail."},{"amount":30,"name":"Applejack","unit":"ml","rationale":"Applejack introduces apple notes that complement the other flavors."},{"amount":1,"name":"Egg White","unit":"pc","rationale":"Egg white provides a smooth, velvety texture and a frothy top layer, enhancing the mouthfeel of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Creamy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Bacardi Cocktail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bacardi Cocktail","description":"The Bacardi cocktail, despite its simple recipe, holds a fascinating history and a refreshing profile. While many believe it solely signifies rum, the name actually refers to a specific drink designed to showcase the quality of Bacardi rum after the company's Cuban assets were nationalized. Initially, the drink called for Bacardi rum, lime juice, and grenadine, and it was crucial to use genuine Bacardi to ensure its unique flavor profile. The drink's popularity grew significantly due to its refreshing taste and ease of preparation, making it a staple in bars worldwide. Over time, variations and interpretations emerged, but the classic recipe remains a testament to the versatility of rum in cocktails. It's a reminder that even the simplest combinations, when made with quality ingredients, can create a lasting impression. Its appeal lies in its balance of sweetness, tartness, and the distinctive character of Bacardi rum, a spirit that has played a significant role in cocktail history.","historical_reference":"David A. Embury, The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks (1948)","technique":"Shake all ingredients with ice until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.","garnish":"Lime wedge or cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"The primary alcoholic component, providing a light and subtly sweet base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes sweetness, a fruity flavor, and a vibrant color."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial tartness to balance the rum's sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Hangman's Blood",{"cocktail":{"name":"Hangman's Blood","description":"$6a","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all base spirits in a shaker with ice. Stir gently. Strain into a highball or large glass filled with ice. Top with stout, then gently add the champagne. Stir carefully to combine without losing too much fizz.","garnish":"Orange slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":25,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a botanical base, dryness, and alcoholic backbone to the cocktail."},{"amount":25,"name":"Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet, tropical complexity and depth of flavor, contributing to the overall booziness."},{"amount":25,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lends a clean alcoholic punch, further strengthening the cocktail's overall booziness without significantly altering the flavor profile."},{"amount":25,"name":"Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a smoky, oaky nuance, adding another layer of complexity and contributing to the drink's overall richness."},{"amount":25,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Imparts an earthy, agave flavor, contributing to the drink's unique character and balancing the sweetness of the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":100,"name":"Stout","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a roasted, malty depth and creamy texture, balancing the sharpness of the spirits."},{"amount":100,"name":"Champagne","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides effervescence and a touch of acidity, lightening the heavy stout and creating a more balanced finish."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Fruity","Spicy","Smoky","Yeasty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":9,"bubbles":true,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Takumi's Aviation",{"cocktail":{"name":"Takumi's Aviation","description":"$6b","historical_reference":"Hugo Ensslin's Recipes for Mixed Drinks (1917)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass.","garnish":"Brandied cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity with juniper and other aromatics."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur adds a subtle cherry note and a touch of sweetness, complementing the gin and lemon."},{"amount":7,"name":"Creme de Violette","unit":"ml","rationale":"Creme de Violette imports a unique floral flavor, contributing to the cocktail's signature aroma and color."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and bring out the flavors of the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Manhattan",{"cocktail":{"name":"Manhattan","description":"$6c","historical_reference":"One source attributes the drink's creation to Iain Marshall, who purportedly invented it for a party hosted by Lady Randolph Churchill in the early 1870s. However, this account is disputed. Robert Hess notes claims for the cocktail's invention that predate this event. (Imbibe! by David Wondrich, p. 188)","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass. 2. In a mixing glass, combine rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, and Angostura bitters. 3. Add ice to the mixing glass. 4. Stir well until the mixing glass is well-chilled. 5. Strain into the chilled glass. 6. Garnish with a maraschino cherry or expressed orange peel.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, preferably Luxardo, or an orange peel twist, expressed over the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust base, crucial for the Manhattan's characteristic boldness and backbone."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth contributes sweetness, herbal notes, and a smooth texture, complementing the whiskey's strength and adding depth to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add complexity and balance, enhancing the other flavors and preventing the cocktail from being overly sweet."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Woody","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Brandy Old Fashioned",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brandy Old Fashioned","description":"$6d","historical_reference":"The Old Fashioned cocktail dates back to the late 19th century; the Brandy version gained popularity later, particularly in Wisconsin. (Difford's Guide to Cocktails)","technique":"Place sugar cube in an old fashioned glass. Saturate with Angostura bitters. Add water. Muddle until sugar is dissolved. Fill the glass with ice. Add brandy. Stir gently to combine. Garnish.","garnish":"Orange peel and/or Maraschino cherry. Express the oils from the orange peel over the drink and optionally add the cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brandy provides the foundational alcoholic backbone and primary flavor profile of the cocktail, lending notes of fruit, oak, and spice."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar Cube","unit":"pc","rationale":"Sugar balances the spirit's intensity and enhances the overall sweetness of the drink, contributing to its smooth and palatable nature."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add complexity and depth, balancing sweetness and enhancing the aroma, creating a well-rounded and flavorful cocktail."},{"amount":30,"name":"Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Water dilutes the drink slightly, softening the alcohol and integrating all the ingredients for a smoother and more harmonious profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Spicy","Woody","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Spaghett",{"cocktail":{"name":"Spaghett","description":"$6e","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine Aperol and Prosecco in a wine glass filled with ice. Gently stir to combine. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and drop the twist into the glass.","garnish":"Large lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":28,"name":"Aperol","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aperol provides a bitter-orange base with a relatively low ABV, contributing to the drink's complex flavor profile and manageable booziness."},{"amount":28,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco adds effervescence and a slightly fruity sweetness, diluting the stronger flavors and contributing to the drink's overall light and refreshing character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Bitter","Floral","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea",{"cocktail":{"name":"Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea","description":"$6f","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Combine all base spirits (vodka, gin, rum, tequila, and whiskey), triple sec, lemon juice, and simple syrup in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. 3. Strain into a highball glass filled with ice. 4. Top with cola. 5. Garnish with a lemon wedge and/or a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wedge and/or a maraschino cherry. Prepare by slicing a fresh lemon into wedges. Optionally, add a maraschino cherry to the rim of the glass for visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a clean, neutral alcoholic base that allows other flavors to shine."},{"amount":15,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds botanical complexity and a distinct juniper note."},{"amount":15,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes sweetness and a subtle tropical character."},{"amount":15,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds an earthy agave flavor and a slight bite."},{"amount":15,"name":"Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a smoky, oak-aged flavor, depth, and a touch of spice."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet orange flavor that complements the other spirits and enhances the citrus notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity to balance the sweetness and adds a refreshing citrus note."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice."},{"amount":75,"name":"Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and carbonation, contributing to the overall flavor and visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Woody","Smoky"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":9,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Brandy Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brandy Sour","description":"The Brandy Sour is a classic cocktail showcasing the versatility of brandy. Its roots trace back to the 19th century, evolving from simple punches into a balanced and refreshing drink. The combination of brandy, citrus, and sweetener creates a harmonious blend of flavors. While its exact origins are debated, the Brandy Sour has become a staple in bars worldwide. The drink highlights the characteristics of the brandy used, whether it's a robust VSOP or a smoother XO. The addition of egg white (optional) lends a silky texture, while bitters contribute a layer of complexity. A Brandy Sour is perfect as an aperitif or digestif, offering a delightful experience for any palate. Experimentation with different brandies and bitters allows for personalized variations of this timeless cocktail. Enjoy responsibly!","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If using egg white, dry shake brandy and egg white vigorously for 15 seconds to emulsify. 2. Add lemon juice, simple syrup, and bitters to a shaker. 3. Add ice and shake well until chilled. 4. Double strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. 5. Garnish with an orange slice and/or a Maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice and/or Maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the alcoholic backbone, providing warmth and complex fruit notes."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the brandy's fruitiness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice."},{"amount":20,"name":"Egg White (Optional)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a silky texture and frothy head."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Adds a touch of spice and complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sour","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Charred Orange Paloma",{"cocktail":{"name":"Charred Orange Paloma","description":"$70","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"First, char an orange wheel using a kitchen torch or by placing it under a broiler until slightly blackened. Rim a highball glass with smoked salt. Fill the glass with ice. Add tequila, fresh lime juice, and agave nectar to the glass. Top with grapefruit soda. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with the charred orange wheel.","garnish":"Charred orange wheel and a pinch of smoked salt on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Tequila Blanco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila Blanco provides the foundational agave flavor, offering a clean, crisp base that complements the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides essential acidity to balance the sweetness and booziness, contributing a crisp, tart element."},{"amount":15,"name":"Agave Nectar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Agave nectar sweetens the drink, complementing the tequila and citrus notes with its subtle caramel undertones."},{"amount":90,"name":"Grapefruit Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grapefruit soda adds carbonation and a distinctive grapefruit flavor, contributing to the overall refreshing character of the cocktail."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Wheel","unit":"wheel","rationale":"Charring an orange wheel provides smoky-bitter flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Smoky","Bitter","Fruity","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","El Presidente",{"cocktail":{"name":"El Presidente","description":"$71","historical_reference":"Charles H. Baker, Jr., The Gentleman's Companion (1939), mentions the El Presidente in relation to Havana bars, solidifying its Cuban origin and pre-revolution existence. While a direct recipe source might be challenging to pinpoint, references appear as early as the 1920s, with varying proportions, in articles discussing Cuban cocktails served to Americans. Difford's Guide provides an excellent summary of its history and recipe variations (accessed Oct 26, 2023).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and place the peel in the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rum forms the spirituous backbone, providing a complex array of flavors from molasses, influenced by aging, and carries the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao introduces complex citrus notes that complement the rum and vermouth, adding depth and subtle bitterness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry Vermouth adds a herbal and slightly bitter component, balancing the sweetness of the rum and grenadine while adding aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"dash","rationale":"Grenadine adds a touch of sweetness, vibrant color, and a subtle fruity note that balances the dryness of the vermouth and brings the cocktail together."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Casino",{"cocktail":{"name":"Casino","description":"The Casino cocktail, a classic pre-Prohibition era drink, offers a delightful balance of dryness, citrus, and subtle sweetness. Its origins are somewhat murky, with several bartenders laying claim to its creation, though it gained significant popularity in the early 20th century. It is closely related to the Dry Martini, employing similar ingredients but differing in the proportions and the addition of orange bitters. The Casino presents a lighter and more approachable alternative to the Martini's often austere profile. The cocktail's relative simplicity—gin, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, and orange bitters—belies its elegant complexity. A well-made Casino showcases the quality of the gin while harmonizing the other ingredients. The inclusion of Old Tom gin can lend the Casino a slightly sweeter profile, appealing to modern palates. It exemplifies the golden age of cocktails when balance and refinement were prized.","historical_reference":"First documented in Hugo Ensslin's 'Recipes for Mixed Drinks' (1917).","technique":"Chill a coupe or Martini glass. Add all ingredients to a shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, skewered","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity of the cocktail, lending a dry and aromatic foundation."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur lends a delicate cherry sweetness and a hint of almond, softening the cocktail's edges and tying the flavors together."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice introduces a vital sour element, balancing the gin's dryness and adding a refreshing tang."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters add a layer of aromatic complexity, enhancing the citrus notes and providing a subtle counterpoint to the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Sloe Gin Fizz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sloe Gin Fizz","description":"$72","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide to Cocktail #10 - Sloe Gin Fizz","technique":"1. If using egg white, add sloe gin, lemon juice, simple syrup, and egg white to a cocktail shaker without ice (dry shake). Shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white.\n2. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled.\n3. Strain into a chilled highball glass filled with ice.\n4. Top with soda water.","garnish":"Lemon wedge or a few fresh berries (such as raspberries or blackberries) for visual appeal and an extra burst of flavor.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Sloe Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sloe gin provides the primary flavor profile, lending fruity and slightly tart notes while contributing to the overall alcoholic strength of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides acidity, balancing the sweetness of the sloe gin and simple syrup, and adding a refreshing citrus note to the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup enhances the sweetness, creating a harmonious balance with the tartness of the sloe gin and lemon juice."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds effervescence, creating a light and refreshing texture and diluting the other ingredients to a palatable strength."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White (Optional)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white (optional) adds a silky texture and a frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel and visual appeal of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}]]}]]}]}]
c:[["$","meta","0",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1"}]]
a:[["$","meta","0",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","title","1",{"children":"調理農務指南 | Cocktail Compass"}],["$","meta","2",{"name":"description","content":"Find the perfect cocktail for you"}],["$","link","3",{"rel":"icon","href":"/favicon.ico","type":"image/x-icon","sizes":"16x16"}]]
8:null
