1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[9988,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","177","static/chunks/app/layout-d6b5cd71d4f427f2.js"],"LanguageProvider"]
3:I[2741,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","177","static/chunks/app/layout-d6b5cd71d4f427f2.js"],"Header"]
4:I[3266,[],""]
5:I[5648,[],""]
7:I[7915,[],"OutletBoundary"]
9:I[7915,[],"MetadataBoundary"]
b:I[7915,[],"ViewportBoundary"]
d:I[7429,[],""]
:HL["/_next/static/media/569ce4b8f30dc480-s.p.woff2","font",{"crossOrigin":"","type":"font/woff2"}]
:HL["/_next/static/media/93f479601ee12b01-s.p.woff2","font",{"crossOrigin":"","type":"font/woff2"}]
:HL["/_next/static/css/8801800e91eec09c.css","style"]
0:{"P":null,"b":"ZapcLGTFnaAfOgffHl_6_","p":"","c":["","flavours","herbal"],"i":false,"f":[[["",{"children":["flavours",{"children":[["slug","herbal","d"],{"children":["__PAGE__",{}]}]}]},"$undefined","$undefined",true],["",["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/_next/static/css/8801800e91eec09c.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}]],["$","$L2",null,{"children":["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","className":"dark","children":["$","body",null,{"className":"__variable_4d318d __variable_ea5f4b antialiased","children":[["$","$L3",null,{}],["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":[[],[["$","title",null,{"children":"404: This page could not be found."}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"fontFamily":"system-ui,\"Segoe UI\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\"Apple Color Emoji\",\"Segoe UI Emoji\"","height":"100vh","textAlign":"center","display":"flex","flexDirection":"column","alignItems":"center","justifyContent":"center"},"children":["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","style",null,{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}"}}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"next-error-h1","style":{"display":"inline-block","margin":"0 20px 0 0","padding":"0 23px 0 0","fontSize":24,"fontWeight":500,"verticalAlign":"top","lineHeight":"49px"},"children":404}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"display":"inline-block"},"children":["$","h2",null,{"style":{"fontSize":14,"fontWeight":400,"lineHeight":"49px","margin":0},"children":"This page could not be found."}]}]]}]}]]],"forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}]}]}]]}],{"children":["flavours",["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","flavours","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}],{"children":[["slug","herbal","d"],["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","flavours","children","$0:f:0:1:2:children:2:children:0","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}],{"children":["__PAGE__",["$","$1","c",{"children":["$L6",null,["$","$L7",null,{"children":"$L8"}]]}],{},null,false]},null,false]},null,false]},null,false],["$","$1","h",{"children":[null,["$","$1","ByekVYE5dTqI_pW5ozTgY",{"children":[["$","$L9",null,{"children":"$La"}],["$","$Lb",null,{"children":"$Lc"}],["$","meta",null,{"name":"next-size-adjust","content":""}]]}]]}],false]],"m":"$undefined","G":["$d","$undefined"],"s":false,"S":true}
e:I[7602,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","703","static/chunks/app/flavours/%5Bslug%5D/page-cec5a47db737b027.js"],"CocktailCard"]
f:T48b,The Negroni Sbagliato, meaning "mistaken Negroni" in Italian, is a delightful twist on the classic Negroni. The story goes that it was accidentally created at Bar Basso in Milan in 1972, when a bartender, Mirko Stocchetto, reached for a bottle of sparkling wine instead of gin while making a Negroni. The result was a lighter, more approachable version of the beloved cocktail. The Sbagliato retains the Negroni's characteristic bitter-sweetness, but the sparkling wine adds a refreshing effervescence that softens the drink, making it ideal as an aperitivo. The substitution transforms the cocktail into a celebratory, bubbly beverage that's perfect for any occasion. While retaining the distinct flavor profile of the original, the Negroni Sbagliato presents a more playful and accessible drinking experience, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts and casual drinkers alike. Its creation is a testament to happy accidents in the world of mixology, proving that sometimes, mistakes can lead to delicious discoveries. Today, the Negroni Sbagliato continues to be a popular choice, celebrated for its simplicity, balanced flavors, and effervescent charm.10:T43a,Fernet con Coca, or Fernet and Coke, is a popular highball cocktail, particularly in Argentina. It's a simple yet surprisingly complex drink where the bitter, herbaceous Fernet Branca is balanced by the sweetness and effervescence of Coca-Cola. The combination is unexpectedly refreshing, and the Fernet's menthol and spice notes cut through the sweetness of the cola. The drink's popularity in Argentina is legendary; it's often considered the national drink and is consumed in vast quantities, especially among younger generations. While the exact origins of the combination are unclear, its spread can be attributed to the local production of Fernet Branca and the widespread availability of Coca-Cola. It's become a social ritual, often enjoyed during 'previas' (pre-parties) or as a digestif after meals. The drink's appeal lies in its contrasting flavors that somehow complement each other, making it a unique and beloved beverage. The ratio of Fernet to Coke is a matter of personal preference, but a common starting point is around 30% Fernet to 70% Coke, adjusted to taste.11:T4f6,The Mai Tai is a quintessential tiki cocktail, born in 1944 at Trader Vic's in Oakland, California. Victor Bergeron, aka Trader Vic, created the drink for some Tahitian friends, who exclaimed "Maita'i roa a'e!" which translates to "Out of this world! – the best!" in Tahitian. The original recipe focused on showcasing the flavor of high-quality Jamaican rum, complemented by orgeat syrup, lime juice, curaçao, and simple syrup. Over time, variations emerged, often incorporating other fruit juices like pineapple and orange, which deviate from the original intent. This cocktail is all about balancing the sweetness of the syrups with the tartness of the lime and the robust character of the rums. The interplay of flavors creates a tropical escape in a glass. While its history is relatively modern compared to other classics, the Mai Tai has become an iconic symbol of tiki culture, representing relaxation, exoticism, and escapism. The drink's popularity soared in the mid-20th century, fueled by the rise of Polynesian-themed restaurants and bars. Today, it remains a beloved cocktail, though often misinterpreted and over-sweetened. A well-made Mai Tai should highlight the rum, creating a harmonious blend of flavors that transports you to a tropical paradise.12:T669,The Last Word is a pre-Prohibition era cocktail that has enjoyed a remarkable resurgence in popularity since the early 2000s. Its exact origins are somewhat debated, but it is most commonly attributed to the Detroit Athletic Club, where it was supposedly created by a vaudeville performer named Frank Fogarty sometime around 1915. The original recipe called for equal parts gin, green Chartreuse, maraschino liqueur, and lime juice, a seemingly unusual combination that somehow works in perfect harmony. For decades, the Last Word faded into obscurity, rarely appearing on cocktail menus. However, in the early 2000s, Seattle bartender Murray Stenson rediscovered the drink while researching vintage cocktail books. He added it to the menu at the Zig Zag Cafe, where it quickly gained a cult following among cocktail enthusiasts. From there, its popularity spread to bars around the world, cementing its status as a modern classic. The Last Word is prized for its unique balance of sweet, sour, herbal, and subtly bitter flavors. The gin provides a botanical base, the green Chartreuse contributes complex herbal notes and a touch of sweetness, the maraschino liqueur adds a cherry-almond aroma, and the fresh lime juice provides the necessary acidity to tie everything together. Its equal-parts construction makes it easy to remember and reproduce, further contributing to its appeal. Today, the Last Word is considered one of the most important and influential cocktails of the modern era, inspiring countless variations and adaptations. Its enduring popularity is a testament to its perfectly balanced flavor profile and its rich history.13:T4fc,The Gin Sour is a classic cocktail that balances the botanical notes of gin with the tartness of lemon juice and the sweetness of sugar. The addition of egg white, while optional, creates a silky smooth texture and a frothy head, elevating the drink's overall experience. Its origins can be traced back to the early days of cocktail making, evolving from simple punches to more refined concoctions. The Gin Sour is part of the larger 'sour' family of cocktails, characterized by a base spirit, citrus, and sweetener. The Gin Sour gained popularity during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, appearing in numerous cocktail books and becoming a staple in bars worldwide. It's a versatile drink that can be tailored to individual preferences by adjusting the sweetness or sourness levels. The quality of the gin significantly impacts the final flavor profile; London Dry gins are a common choice, providing a clean and crisp base, while more contemporary gins with unique botanical blends can add a modern twist. The Gin Sour remains a beloved choice for both seasoned cocktail enthusiasts and newcomers, appreciated for its simplicity, balance, and refreshing qualities. Its enduring popularity is a testament to its timeless appeal and the versatility of its basic formula.14:T55d,The Americano is a classic aperitivo cocktail that originated in Italy in the 1860s. It's believed to have been named after the Italian word for 'bitter,' 'amaro,' or perhaps due to its popularity among American tourists visiting Italy. It predates the Negroni and can be seen as its lighter, less boozy ancestor. The cocktail’s simple composition highlights the interplay between the bitter Campari, the sweet vermouth, and the refreshing soda water. It's a perfect choice for warm weather and is typically enjoyed before a meal to stimulate the appetite. The combination of Campari and sweet vermouth creates a complex flavor profile with herbal, citrus, and subtly spicy notes, while the soda water adds a pleasant effervescence. The Americano remains a popular choice in bars around the world for its refreshing quality and ease of preparation, embodying the simplicity and elegance of Italian cocktail culture. Its low alcohol content makes it an ideal choice for those seeking a lighter drink, and it’s a great option for daytime sipping. The Americano is often considered a sophisticated and refreshing alternative to stronger cocktails, appealing to a wide range of palates. Its enduring popularity demonstrates its timeless appeal as a simple, flavorful, and balanced drink. It is typically garnished with an orange peel, however a lemon peel can also be used.15:T44b,The Old Cuban is a sophisticated sparkling cocktail that bridges the gap between a classic Daiquiri and a French 75. Created in 2004 by renowned mixologist Audrey Saunders at the Pegu Club in New York City, it quickly gained popularity for its balanced flavors and elegant presentation. It is crafted with aged rum, fresh lime juice, simple syrup, mint, Angostura bitters, and topped with sparkling wine. The aged rum provides a rich, complex base, while the lime juice and simple syrup create a harmonious sweet and sour balance. Fresh mint adds an aromatic lift, and Angostura bitters contribute depth and complexity. The sparkling wine adds effervescence and a celebratory touch, elevating the cocktail to a more sophisticated level than a traditional Daiquiri. It is typically served in a coupe glass and garnished with a mint sprig. The Old Cuban is a refreshing and flavorful cocktail that is perfect for any occasion, embodying a modern classic with a nod to tradition. Its balance of sweet, sour, and herbal notes, combined with the bubbly texture, makes it an enjoyable and memorable drink.16:T545,The Mint Julep is a classic cocktail deeply rooted in American history, particularly associated with the Kentucky Derby. Its origins can be traced back to the early 18th century, where it was initially consumed as a medicinal drink. The word "julep" itself comes from the Persian word "gulab," meaning rosewater, which hints at the drink's aromatic past. Over time, the julep evolved from a medicinal concoction to a refreshing beverage enjoyed by the Southern elite. It gained significant popularity in the 19th century, becoming a symbol of Southern hospitality and refinement. The modern Mint Julep, featuring bourbon, mint, sugar, and crushed ice, became synonymous with the Kentucky Derby in 1938. Every year, Churchill Downs serves nearly 120,000 juleps during the Kentucky Derby weekend, solidifying its status as the Derby's signature drink. The drink represents a combination of simplicity and elegance, where the quality of ingredients and proper technique are paramount. The choice of bourbon is crucial, as it provides the backbone of the drink's flavor profile, while fresh mint infuses a refreshing herbal note. Crushed ice is essential for creating a frosty, thirst-quenching texture. A well-made Mint Julep should be a balanced blend of sweet, minty, and boozy flavors, served in a frosted silver or pewter cup to maintain its chill.17:T4bb,The Pimm's Cup is a quintessential British summer cocktail, celebrated for its refreshing and complex flavor profile. Created in the 1840s by James Pimm at his oyster bar in London, Pimm's No. 1 was initially intended as a digestive aid. Over time, it evolved into a popular mixed drink, particularly enjoyed at social events like Wimbledon and garden parties. The exact recipe for Pimm's No. 1 remains a closely guarded secret, but it is known to be gin-based and infused with a blend of herbs, spices, and fruit extracts. A classic Pimm's Cup typically combines Pimm's No. 1 with lemonade (often carbonated), various fresh fruits (such as oranges, strawberries, and cucumber), and herbs like mint or borage. The drink's appeal lies in its balance of sweetness, bitterness, and herbal notes, making it both refreshing and sophisticated. There are many regional variations, including the addition of ginger ale or sparkling wine for extra fizz. Its enduring popularity is a testament to its versatility and its ability to evoke the spirit of British summertime. The Pimm's Cup has become more than just a drink; it's a cultural icon, synonymous with warm weather, leisurely afternoons, and convivial gatherings.18:T430,The Chrysanthemum is a classic cocktail celebrated for its elegant simplicity and delicate floral notes. Dating back to the early 20th century, this cocktail showcases the harmonious blend of dry vermouth and Benedictine, resulting in a refined and subtly sweet drink. The addition of absinthe provides a whisper of anise, adding complexity without overpowering the other flavors. Its pale yellow hue and light body make it a refreshing choice, often enjoyed as an aperitif. The Chrysanthemum cocktail's popularity has seen ebbs and flows, but it remains a favorite among cocktail aficionados who appreciate its understated sophistication. It's a testament to the idea that sometimes the most memorable drinks are those with the fewest ingredients, perfectly balanced to create a nuanced and delightful experience. The cocktail evokes a sense of nostalgia, reminiscent of a bygone era of elegant cocktail parties and refined tastes. Despite its age, the Chrysanthemum holds a timeless appeal, continuing to charm drinkers with its understated beauty and subtle complexity.19:T4cc,The Blackthorn is a classic cocktail, essentially a variation on the Manhattan or Rob Roy, using Irish whiskey instead of rye or Scotch, and French vermouth in place of sweet vermouth. It is a simple yet elegant drink with a slightly drier profile than its more famous cousins, often featuring a dash of absinthe or aromatic bitters for added complexity. The Blackthorn offers a delightful combination of the Irish whiskey's warmth, the vermouth's herbal and slightly bitter notes, and the subtle anise flavor from the absinthe, resulting in a balanced and sophisticated cocktail. It is believed to have originated sometime in the late 19th or early 20th century, and like many classic cocktails, its exact origins are debated. It has been featured in many cocktail books throughout history, showing its wide appeal and resilience as a classic drink. While its specific origins are not definitively known, the drink reflects a period of cocktail experimentation where bartenders adapted classic formulas with regional ingredients to create unique variations. Over time, different bartenders have refined the recipe, incorporating elements such as aromatic bitters or orange bitters to enhance the drink's overall flavor profile.1a:T424,The Stinger is a classic after-dinner cocktail known for its simple yet effective combination of spirit and mint. Its origins are debated, but it gained popularity in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, often associated with high society. The drink's simplicity made it a favorite in exclusive clubs and establishments. The Stinger experienced a resurgence in popularity in the mid-20th century, often featured in movies and books, solidifying its place in cocktail culture. The combination of cognac and crème de menthe offers a refreshing contrast, with the warmth of the cognac balanced by the cool, minty liqueur. Variations include using different base spirits like brandy or whiskey, but the classic Stinger remains a timeless choice for those seeking a sophisticated and refreshing drink. It continues to be enjoyed as a digestif or a palate cleanser after a meal, cherished for its simplicity and elegant flavor profile. Today, the Stinger continues to be a cocktail that has stood the test of time and can be enjoyed across different generations.1b:T6a6,Although precise historical record of this cocktail's initial creation is not present, it is known to have originated at the Queen's Park Hotel in Trinidad sometime in the early 20th century. The Savoy Cocktail Book, 1930 mentions swizzles generally, but not the Queen's Park Swizzle specifically. Beachbum Berry's Remixed (2009) includes the recipe and credits the Queen's Park Hotel for its origination. Dale DeGroff also features it in his book The Craft of the Cocktail (2002). The Queen's Park Hotel itself was established in 1895 and its popularity grew with the increased travel to the country. It has been said to have been created by a bartender named Joe Gomes during this period. It later became a classic cocktail in the 1920s and 1930s after it had been written about and traveled with tourists to other countries. The drink represents a piece of Trinidadian history and culture and became quite popular with the affluent travelers and island locals. The original hotel was destroyed in 1980 due to a fire. The hotel then relocated and was renamed the Hilton Trinidad and Conference Centre, where they serve the drink to honor its history today. Overall, the drink has remained popular over the years and is a reflection of the island's charm and culture. The cocktail is known for representing the essence of rum cocktails and elegance in tropical drinks and is a symbol of innovation, elegance and craftsmanship in mixology. Modern bartenders still often reference it as an example of the swizzle style of drink and inspiration behind future creations. The drink remains a symbol and nod to the history of cocktailing and the culture behind the islands of the Caribbean that inspired it.1c:T47d,The Singapore Sling is a complex and iconic cocktail originating from the Raffles Hotel in Singapore. Created around 1915 by bartender Ngiam Tong Boon, it was initially conceived as a gin-based drink for women, offering a socially acceptable way for them to consume alcohol in public. The original recipe was a closely guarded secret, leading to numerous variations over the years. The Sling's popularity quickly spread, becoming a symbol of Singapore's colonial charm and a must-try for visitors. Its appeal lies in its balanced blend of sweet, sour, and fruity flavors, complemented by the subtle complexity of gin and liqueurs. The modern interpretations often include cherry brandy, Cointreau, and Benedictine, contributing to its distinctive taste and vibrant pink hue. Today, the Singapore Sling remains a beloved classic, celebrated for its rich history and refreshing character, embodying the spirit of its birthplace. Despite variations, the core elements of gin, cherry liqueur, and tropical fruit flavors endure, ensuring its timeless appeal. The drink is designed to be a balanced and refreshing combination of gin, fruit, and sweetness.1d:T4a1,The Rabo-de-galo, or "rooster's tail," is a classic Brazilian cocktail known for its simplicity and potent flavor. It is a staple in bars throughout Brazil and is often enjoyed as an aperitif or digestif. The drink's name likely refers to the multicolored pattern formed when the ingredients are mixed, resembling the tail feathers of a rooster. Traditionally, it is made with cachaça, a spirit distilled from sugarcane juice, and sweet vermouth. Some variations may include Cynar or other bitter liqueurs to add complexity. It is similar in concept to a Manhattan or Rob Roy, substituting cachaça for whiskey or scotch. The Rabo-de-galo is a testament to Brazil's rich drinking culture and highlights the versatility of cachaça in mixed drinks. Its straightforward preparation makes it accessible to both experienced bartenders and home enthusiasts. The key is the quality of cachaça used; a well-made cachaça will elevate the cocktail, showcasing the nuances of Brazilian sugarcane. While simple in its composition, the Rabo-de-galo offers a balance of sweetness, bitterness, and alcoholic strength that is both satisfying and refreshing, embodying the vibrant spirit of Brazil.1e:T437,The Whiskey Smash is a refreshing and adaptable cocktail with roots in the 19th century. It's essentially a whiskey-based sour with the addition of muddled mint and seasonal fruit, offering a vibrant and aromatic experience. Its simplicity allows for easy customization; different fruits, herbs, and sweeteners can be used to create variations that suit individual tastes. The drink is often served over crushed ice, which further enhances its cooling qualities, making it a popular choice for warm weather. Its historical significance lies in its representation of early American cocktail culture, where fresh ingredients were combined with spirits to create flavorful and accessible drinks. The Whiskey Smash exemplifies this tradition, offering a balanced blend of sweetness, tartness, and herbal notes that continues to appeal to modern palates. The versatility of the Smash also means it has evolved over time, with bartenders experimenting with different types of whiskey, fruits, and sweeteners to create unique variations while maintaining the core elements of the drink.1f:T474,The Martini is arguably the most iconic cocktail of all time. Its origins are murky, with several competing stories. One popular theory suggests it evolved from the Martinez, a cocktail served in the late 19th century in Martinez, California, during the Gold Rush. Another account credits a bartender at the Knickerbocker Hotel in New York City in the early 1900s. Regardless of its exact origin, the Martini gained prominence in the early 20th century and has since become a symbol of sophistication and elegance. The classic recipe involves gin and dry vermouth, stirred (or shaken, as famously preferred by James Bond) with ice and strained into a chilled glass. Garnished with an olive or a lemon twist, the Martini offers a crisp, dry flavor that can be tailored to individual preferences by adjusting the ratio of gin to vermouth. Over the years, the Martini has undergone countless variations, but the classic version remains a testament to simplicity and balance in cocktail making. Its enduring appeal lies in its versatility and the subtle nuances that can be achieved through variations in ingredients and preparation techniques.20:T4c9,The Ramos Gin Fizz, also known as the New Orleans Fizz, is a classic cocktail renowned for its creamy texture, complex flavors, and elaborate preparation. Created in 1888 by Henry C. Ramos at his bar, the Imperial Cabinet Saloon, in New Orleans, it quickly gained popularity and became a signature drink of the city. The key to a proper Ramos Gin Fizz is the vigorous shaking, traditionally lasting for an extended period, often involving multiple bartenders to share the task. This intense shaking emulsifies the egg white and dairy, creating a frothy and velvety smooth texture. The combination of gin, citrus, cream, egg white, orange flower water, and soda water results in a harmonious blend of flavors – floral, citrusy, sweet, and slightly tart. The orange flower water imparts a delicate floral aroma that is characteristic of the drink. The addition of soda water at the end creates a light and effervescent quality. The Ramos Gin Fizz is a testament to the creativity and craftsmanship of classic cocktail making, demanding attention to detail and a dedication to achieving the perfect balance of flavors and textures. It remains a beloved cocktail, cherished for its unique character and historical significance.21:T514,The Horsefeather is a simple yet refreshing highball cocktail known for its spicy ginger kick and the smooth complexity of rye whiskey. It's a variation on the classic Buck cocktail family, where a spirit is mixed with ginger ale or ginger beer and citrus. While the exact origins are murky, the Horsefeather is often associated with the Midwest, particularly Kansas City. It's a drink that has gained popularity for its easy-to-make nature and balanced flavor profile. The cocktail's appeal lies in the interplay of the spicy rye, the zesty lime, and the effervescent ginger beer. It's a versatile drink suitable for various occasions, from casual gatherings to upscale cocktail bars. The Horsefeather is appreciated for being both approachable and sophisticated, offering a delightful combination of refreshment and complexity. Its simple ingredients belie the nuanced flavors that unfold as you sip it, making it a favorite among both seasoned cocktail enthusiasts and newcomers alike. The drink is an excellent example of how simple ingredients can be combined to create something truly special, making it a worthy addition to any cocktail repertoire. The Horsefeather offers a unique drinking experience that balances the boldness of rye whiskey with the refreshing qualities of ginger and lime.22:T4cc,The Dry Martini, a quintessential classic cocktail, embodies elegance and simplicity. Its origins are somewhat hazy, with various stories placing its invention in the late 19th century. One popular theory suggests it evolved from the Martinez, a sweeter cocktail served in Martinez, California. Another claims it was created at the Knickerbocker Hotel in New York City. Regardless of its precise origin, the Martini gained prominence during the early 20th century, becoming a symbol of sophistication and a favorite of literary and film icons. Over time, the Martini has undergone numerous variations, with the 'Dry' Martini, characterized by a minimal amount of vermouth, becoming increasingly popular. The ratio of gin to vermouth has steadily shifted, reflecting changing tastes. A very dry Martini may contain only a whisper of vermouth, or none at all, sometimes just a rinse of the glass. This cocktail has captured the imaginations of bartenders and drinkers alike, inspiring countless riffs and personal preferences, but at its core it remains a testament to the power of simplicity and high-quality ingredients. The Martini is more than just a drink; it is a cultural icon, a symbol of timeless style and refined taste.23:T434,The Wolfram is a modern classic cocktail, a sophisticated and potent drink designed for those who appreciate the complexity of well-balanced flavors. It marries the boldness of rye whiskey with the sweetness of Cherry Heering and the herbal complexity of Benedictine, all brightened by the zest of lemon juice and a dash of Angostura bitters. This combination results in a multi-layered taste experience that is both satisfying and intriguing. While its exact origin and 'historical reference' are currently unverified in published cocktail books, this drink showcases the possibilities of modern mixology techniques. The Wolfram is appreciated by cocktail enthusiasts who enjoy exploring new flavor combinations beyond the traditional classics, demonstrating a contemporary approach to cocktail craftsmanship. It’s a drink that encourages sipping and contemplation, offering a flavorful journey with each taste. Its balance of strong spirit, herbal liqueur, and sweet cherry elements makes it perfect as an after-dinner drink or a sophisticated indulgence for any occasion.24:T4f6,The Monkey Gland cocktail is a pre-Prohibition era drink created by Harry MacElhone at Harry's New York Bar in Paris. Its suggestive name, alluding to rejuvenation therapies of the time, contrasts with its bright and citrusy flavor profile. Despite the eyebrow-raising moniker, the Monkey Gland is a well-balanced cocktail, showcasing the interplay of gin, orange juice, grenadine, and absinthe. The absinthe provides a subtle anise note, adding depth and intrigue to the drink. Grenadine adds sweetness and color, while fresh orange juice brings a necessary tartness. Although the unusual name might deter some, the Monkey Gland remains a testament to the creativity and boldness of early 20th-century cocktail culture. The drink's enduring popularity is a reflection of its palatable flavor profile and historical significance. It offers a glimpse into a time when cocktail names were less constrained and more playful, often referencing current events or societal trends. The Monkey Gland stands as a reminder that a memorable name, combined with a satisfying taste, can secure a cocktail's place in history. It's a conversation starter and a surprisingly approachable drink, perfect for those looking to explore classic cocktails with a touch of historical intrigue.25:T450,Although the exact origin is debated, Fernand Petiot is frequently cited as the creator of both the Bloody Mary and Red Snapper during his time at the St. Regis Hotel in New York, around the 1930s. Sources from the time confirm the popularity of tomato juice-based cocktails. "Esquire's Handbook for Hosts" (1949) features a recipe for a "Bloody Mary" with similar ingredients, suggesting the Red Snapper was a variation of the Bloody Mary with gin instead of vodka. A reference for Petiot creating something along the lines of this drink is from "About Town" magazine, Dec. 1939 and a write up that mentions that Petiot said he started the drink while at Harry's New York Bar in Paris in 1921, before bringing it with him to the St. Regis in New York. Then, some patrons requested vodka in it instead of gin, which is how the Bloody Mary was born according to Petiot. The Esquire handbook calls for the drink to have, "1 jigger of Vodka, twice as much chilled tomato juice, 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, a dash of lemon juice, several grains of celery salt, and a liberal grinding of black pepper."26:T50c,The Angel Face is a classic equal-parts cocktail featuring gin, apricot brandy, and apple brandy (Calvados). It's a potent and somewhat challenging drink due to the interplay of the three strong spirits and the distinct flavors of apricot and apple. Its origins are a bit murky, but it gained popularity in the early 20th century, particularly in cocktail books of the era. Some credit Harry Craddock of the Savoy Hotel in London for its creation or popularization, though it appeared in earlier publications as well. The Angel Face offers a floral and fruity experience, balanced by the dryness of gin and the subtle spice of brandy. It's considered a somewhat 'forgotten' classic, often overlooked due to its assertive flavor profile, but appreciated by those who enjoy complex, spirit-forward drinks. The drink requires precision as the equal parts can easily become unbalanced. A good Angel Face is a testament to the balance and interplay of the components, creating a unique blend of botanical, fruit, and spice notes. The combination of the dry gin with the sweet and tart notes from the apricot and apple brandies creates a nuanced and surprisingly delightful cocktail. It's an excellent drink for exploring the range of flavors that can be achieved with seemingly simple ingredients.27:T52f,The Averna Spritz is a delightful twist on the classic Aperol Spritz, substituting the bright, bittersweet Aperol with the richer, more complex Amaro Averna. This substitution creates a drink that is both refreshing and deeply flavorful, offering a more sophisticated and nuanced tasting experience. Averna, with its notes of caramel, herbs, and citrus, provides a mellow bitterness that pairs beautifully with the effervescence of Prosecco and the touch of soda water. This cocktail is perfect as an aperitivo, stimulating the appetite before a meal, or as a light and flavorful drink to enjoy on a warm day. The drink’s simple preparation makes it easily replicable at home, and its vibrant color and aromatic garnish make it visually appealing and inviting. Its low alcohol content relative to stirred spirituous cocktails, in comparison, allows for it to be enjoyed over an extended period. As a result, it is often seen as an approach cocktail when one is not yet willing to commit to more sophisticated fare. The Averna Spritz stands as a testament to the versatility of Amaro in cocktail crafting, demonstrating how a simple substitution can transform a familiar drink into something entirely new and exciting. The combination of bitter, sweet, and sparkling elements makes it a balanced and highly enjoyable beverage.28:T487,The Hanky Panky, a classic cocktail invented by Ada 'Coley' Coleman, head bartender at the American Bar at the Savoy Hotel in London, around the early 1900s, is a sophisticated and complex drink. It's a variation on the Martini, but with the addition of sweet vermouth and a few dashes of Fernet-Branca, giving it a bitter, herbal edge that distinguishes it from its predecessor. Coleman was one of the few female bartenders of her time, and her creation quickly gained popularity among patrons of the Savoy. The name 'Hanky Panky' supposedly came from Coleman's exclamation upon tasting the finished cocktail, declaring it 'the real hanky-panky!' The drink is stirred, not shaken, to maintain its smooth texture, and served in a chilled cocktail glass. The interplay of the gin, vermouth, and Fernet-Branca creates a unique flavor profile, balancing the botanical notes of the gin with the sweet, slightly spicy vermouth and the intensely bitter and herbaceous Fernet-Branca. The orange zest garnish adds a bright, citrusy aroma, enhancing the overall experience of the cocktail. Its creation at such a prestigious bar cemented its place in cocktail history.29:T412,The Delilah cocktail is a relatively modern creation that balances the dryness of gin with the sweetness of apricot liqueur and the tartness of lemon juice. The addition of Lillet Blanc contributes floral and honeyed notes, enhancing the drink's complexity. It's typically served in a coupe glass and garnished with a lemon twist or brandied cherry. Its exact origins are somewhat obscure, lacking definitive historical records. It is not directly associated with a particular bartender or bar, but rather seems to have emerged as a popular recipe in contemporary cocktail circles. The balance between gin, liqueur, and citrus makes it a refreshing yet sophisticated choice. The Delilah is an excellent example of a cocktail that showcases how classic ingredients can be combined to create a new and appealing flavor profile. It's a good choice for gin lovers looking for something a little different from the standard gin and tonic or martini, offering a sweeter, more approachable profile while still maintaining a degree of sophistication.2a:T531,The Floradora is a refreshing and effervescent cocktail that combines the botanical notes of gin with the tangy sweetness of raspberry and lime, topped with ginger ale for a spicy kick. Its origins can be traced back to the early 20th century, named after the popular Broadway musical "Florodora," which debuted in 1900. The musical was known for its chorus line of "Florodora Girls," and the cocktail was created to capture the light, bubbly, and vibrant spirit of the show. The Floradora gained popularity during the pre-Prohibition era and has seen a resurgence in recent years as a classic cocktail. The combination of flavors makes it a delightful choice for warm weather or any occasion where a refreshing and balanced drink is desired. The Floradora cocktail presents a harmonious blend of sweetness, tartness, and spice, making it a truly enjoyable and memorable libation. Its historical association with a beloved Broadway production adds a layer of cultural significance, making it more than just a drink but a piece of entertainment history. The drink's color and effervescence also contribute to its appeal, making it a visually attractive beverage. Today, the Floradora is appreciated for its simplicity, balance, and refreshing character, making it a timeless classic that continues to delight cocktail enthusiasts.2b:T43a,Jagertee, also known as Hüttentee, is a traditional Austrian spirit, a warming and potent concoction perfect for cold mountain evenings. It's a staple in ski resorts and alpine huts, known for its ability to quickly warm the body and lift the spirits. The drink typically combines a blend of black tea, red wine, and a mixture of potent spirits and liqueurs, infused with spices and fruit. Each family or establishment often holds its own secret recipe, resulting in slight variations in flavor and potency. Jagertee is more than just a drink; it's an integral part of the Austrian alpine culture, embodying warmth, conviviality, and the spirit of the mountains. It's often enjoyed during après-ski, offering a comforting and invigorating end to a day on the slopes. While recipes may vary, the core elements of strong spirits, spiced tea, and warming fruit notes remain consistent, ensuring a robust and flavorful experience. Jagertee is typically served hot, releasing its aromatic spices and allowing the alcohol to mingle harmoniously, creating a uniquely satisfying beverage.2c:T43d,The Rob Roy is a classic cocktail that is essentially a Manhattan made with Scotch whisky instead of rye or bourbon. It was supposedly created in 1894 by a bartender at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City, in honor of the premiere of an operetta based on Scottish folk hero Robert Roy MacGregor. The drink retains the core structure of the Manhattan—whisky, sweet vermouth, and bitters—but the switch to Scotch dramatically alters the flavor profile. The choice of Scotch allows for great variation, with blends offering a balanced profile and single malts adding layers of complexity. The Rob Roy is a sophisticated and flavorful cocktail, appealing to those who enjoy the nuances of Scotch and a well-balanced drink. Its enduring popularity speaks to its simple elegance and the way it showcases the depth and versatility of Scotch whisky. Modern variations may include different types of bitters or even a dash of simple syrup to adjust the sweetness. Ultimately, the Rob Roy remains a testament to the creative potential of simple ingredient swaps in classic cocktail recipes.2d:T4f4,Tschunk is a simple highball cocktail that has gained considerable popularity, particularly within specific subcultures in Germany. It’s characterized by its straightforward combination of dark rum, most often Stroh Rum 80, and Club-Mate, a caffeinated soda known for its earthy and herbal flavor profile. The drink's simplicity and relatively high caffeine content have contributed to its appeal as a functional and social beverage. The exact origins of the drink are murky, but it is generally accepted that Tschunk evolved in alternative and hacker circles during the late 20th and early 21st centuries. Its popularity quickly spread through word of mouth, and it is now a commonly ordered drink in various bars and clubs across Germany and increasingly known internationally. It is known for its simple preparation. The name Tschunk is evocative and unique, but its etymology is debated. Some believe it is a portmanteau of 'Tschunk' (related to a slurring sound or activity) and 'drunk,' reflecting its intoxicating nature and impact. Others suggest it simply sounds cool and has no particular meaning, in true internet fashion. Tschunk reflects a blend of counter-cultural influences and a pragmatic approach to creating a functional and easy-to-make beverage.2e:T4a0,The Porchcrawler is a potent and refreshing cocktail known for its deceptively easy-drinking nature. It's a blend of white rum, gin, vodka, lemon juice, and simple syrup, creating a sweet and sour concoction that can quickly sneak up on you. The drink's name suggests its ability to render one unable to walk straight after consumption, hinting at its high alcohol content. Its precise origins are somewhat murky, but it likely emerged as a backyard experiment among those seeking a strong and flavorful cocktail. The Porchcrawler embodies the spirit of carefree summer days and convivial gatherings, making it a popular choice for outdoor events and casual get-togethers. Despite its potent alcoholic composition, the blend of citrus and sweetness makes it surprisingly palatable, masking the strength of the individual spirits. This cocktail is best enjoyed responsibly and with caution, given its potential for rapid intoxication. It is a testament to the art of mixing spirits in a way that creates a harmonious and enjoyable, albeit strong, beverage. The balance of flavors ensures that no single spirit overpowers the others, resulting in a complex and layered taste experience.2f:T492,The Southside is a classic gin-based cocktail that bears a striking resemblance to a Mojito, but with gin taking the place of rum. Its origins are debated, but it's often associated with the South Side of Chicago during the Prohibition era. Legend has it that Al Capone's gang favored gin, which was easier to produce illicitly and hence more readily available on the South Side, while rival gangs on the North Side preferred whiskey. The Southside offered a refreshing way to mask the often-rough taste of bathtub gin. The drink's combination of gin, mint, lime, and sugar makes it a light, crisp, and invigorating choice, especially popular during warmer months. Over time, variations have emerged, some calling for the addition of egg white to create a richer, silkier texture, known as the Southside Fizz when topped with soda water. The drink's enduring appeal stems from its simplicity, balance, and refreshing character, making it a favorite among gin enthusiasts and a testament to the creativity born out of necessity during Prohibition. The Southside is more than just a drink; it is a piece of American history, a symbol of resilience, and a delicious escape.30:T465,The Chartreuse Swizzle is a relatively modern classic cocktail, created by bartender Marcovaldo Dionysos at San Francisco's 15 Romolo bar in the early 2000s. It is known for its complex herbal flavors derived primarily from Green Chartreuse. The drink's appeal lies in its balance of sweetness, tartness, and the distinctive, almost medicinal, notes of Chartreuse, resulting in a refreshing and intriguing cocktail. The swizzle technique, involving crushed ice and a swizzle stick, dilutes the drink and creates a frothy texture, making it especially enjoyable on warm days. The Chartreuse Swizzle quickly gained popularity within cocktail circles for its unique flavor profile and ease of execution, becoming a staple on many craft cocktail menus and a testament to the enduring appeal of Chartreuse in contemporary mixology. Its refreshing, herbaceous nature makes it a great choice for both casual enjoyment and as an introduction to the world of more complex and esoteric cocktails. The combination of falernum, lime and chartreuse create a complex interplay of flavors that make this much more than the sum of its parts.31:T464,Ranch Water is a deceptively simple yet incredibly refreshing cocktail hailing from the ranches of West Texas. Its origins are shrouded in Texan lore, with tales of hardworking ranchers mixing tequila, lime, and Topo Chico mineral water to quench their thirst under the scorching sun. The drink's appeal lies in its straightforwardness and ability to provide rapid hydration and a light buzz. It's a quintessential Texas cooler, often enjoyed after a long day of ranch work or at casual gatherings. The beauty of Ranch Water is in its adaptability, allowing for adjustments to the tequila-to-lime ratio based on personal preference. While traditionally made with Topo Chico, other sparkling mineral waters can be substituted. However, Topo Chico's high carbonation and mineral content are considered key to the drink's distinct character, offering a unique effervescence and subtle salinity that complements the tequila and lime. Ranch Water has gained popularity beyond Texas in recent years, becoming a staple at bars and backyard parties across the United States, celebrated for its simplicity and undeniable refreshment.32:T461,The Cojito, a playful twist on the classic Mojito, introduces coconut cream to the traditional mix of rum, mint, lime, and soda water. This addition transforms the drink into a tropical delight, adding a layer of creaminess and a hint of coconut that complements the refreshing mint and lime. While the exact origin of the Cojito is debated, it likely emerged from bartenders experimenting with the Mojito's formula, seeking to create a richer and more indulgent version. The coconut cream not only enhances the texture but also adds a subtle sweetness, balancing the tartness of the lime and the herbaceousness of the mint. This variation maintains the Mojito's inherent refreshment while offering a novel flavor experience. The Cojito is perfect for those who enjoy tropical flavors and creamy textures, offering a delightful alternative to the traditional Mojito. It’s a testament to the Mojito's versatility and its ability to be adapted to various tastes and preferences. This cocktail is often enjoyed during warm weather or as a vacation-inspired beverage, evoking images of sandy beaches and swaying palm trees.33:T44b,The 'Damn the Weather' cocktail is a modern classic, created by bartender Joaquin Simó at Pouring Ribbons in New York City. It's a delightful mix of rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, curaçao, and aromatic bitters, resulting in a complex yet balanced drink. The cocktail's name is a playful jab at the unpredictability of weather, much like the cocktail's layered flavors that shift and evolve with each sip. Simó's creation showcases the versatility of rye whiskey, complementing its inherent spiciness with the sweetness of vermouth and the citrus notes of curaçao. A dash of bitters ties everything together, adding a touch of bitterness and enhancing the overall aromatic profile. 'Damn the Weather' is a well-balanced and smooth cocktail, making it a great choice for both whiskey enthusiasts and those new to spirit-forward drinks. It's a testament to careful ingredient selection and precise measurements, resulting in a harmonious blend that is both satisfying and memorable. Its enduring popularity is a testament to Simó's skill in crafting a cocktail that is both complex and approachable.34:T465,The Boulevardier is a classic cocktail that's essentially a Negroni with whiskey swapped in for gin. It's a spirit-forward drink that offers a delightful balance of bitter, sweet, and boozy flavors. Its origins can be traced back to the 1920s in Paris, and it was popularized by Erskine Gwynne, an American expatriate who founded a magazine called Boulevardier. The drink quickly gained recognition for its sophisticated yet simple profile, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts. Its relatively straightforward preparation and the availability of its ingredients have contributed to its enduring popularity. The Boulevardier offers a richer and deeper flavor compared to the Negroni, making it a perfect choice for whiskey lovers. Its versatility also allows for variations using different types of whiskey or adjusting the proportions to suit individual preferences. It is an excellent cocktail for cooler evenings or when a more robust and complex drink is desired. The Boulevardier stands as a testament to the enduring appeal of well-balanced and thoughtfully crafted cocktails that have stood the test of time.35:T436,The Martinez is often considered a precursor to the Martini. It dates back to the late 19th century, with various origin stories. One popular account suggests it was created in Martinez, California, during the Gold Rush era. Another story attributes its creation to a bartender in New York City. Regardless of its precise origin, the Martinez was documented in early bartending guides like O.H. Byron's "The Modern Bartender's Guide" (1884) and Harry Johnson's "Bartender's Manual" (1888). These recipes varied but generally included Old Tom Gin, sweet vermouth, maraschino liqueur, and bitters. Over time, the recipe has evolved, with some modern variations incorporating orange bitters and a lemon twist instead of the traditional olive. The Martinez represents a bridge between sweeter, more approachable cocktails of the 19th century and the drier, more spirit-forward drinks of the 20th century. It offers a complex interplay of flavors, balancing the sweetness of the gin and vermouth with the bitterness of the bitters and the subtle fruitiness of the maraschino liqueur.36:T4d8,The Ancient Mariner is a classic rum cocktail that showcases a delightful balance of sweet, sour, and slightly bitter flavors. Its origins are somewhat obscure, with no definitive historical record pinpointing its creation. However, its presence in vintage cocktail books suggests it emerged sometime in the mid-20th century, possibly during the tiki craze. The cocktail aims to highlight the versatility of rum, blending its inherent sweetness with the complexity of citrus and the subtle bitterness of maraschino liqueur and Angostura bitters. It's a refreshing and flavorful drink, well-suited for warm weather or as a palate cleanser. The Ancient Mariner offers a more sophisticated rum experience compared to simpler rum drinks, making it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts who appreciate balanced and nuanced flavors. The name evokes a sense of seafaring adventure, aligning with the romanticized image of rum and exploration. It provides an approachable entry point for those new to rum cocktails, while still offering enough complexity to satisfy experienced palates. The addition of simple syrup ensures a well-rounded sweetness, complementing the tartness of the lime juice and contributing to the overall harmony of the drink.37:T484,The Lorraine cocktail, a relatively obscure classic, offers a delightful balance of dry gin, vermouth, and maraschino liqueur. Its precise origins remain somewhat hazy, adding to its mystique. While not as widely known as other gin-based cocktails like the Martini or Negroni, the Lorraine provides a sophisticated and nuanced drinking experience. The combination of dry gin and dry vermouth creates a crisp, slightly herbaceous base, while the maraschino liqueur lends a subtle sweetness and cherry notes. A dash of orange bitters adds further complexity and aromatic dimension. The Lorraine is typically served straight up in a chilled coupe or martini glass, allowing its delicate flavors to shine. It is a sophisticated choice for those seeking a gin-forward cocktail with a touch of sweetness and complexity. The proportions may vary slightly depending on the recipe source, but the core ingredients remain consistent. The Lorraine presents a refreshing alternative to more common cocktails, making it an intriguing choice for adventurous palates. Its understated elegance and balanced profile make it suitable as an aperitif or an after-dinner drink.38:T425,The Bijou cocktail, translating to 'jewel' in French, is a classic drink created in the late 19th century by Harry Johnson, a renowned bartender of the era. It's named for the three colors of its ingredients, which represent gemstones: gin for diamond (clear), sweet vermouth for ruby (red), and green Chartreuse for emerald (green). The Bijou is a spirit-forward cocktail, balancing the herbal and botanical notes of gin with the sweet and spicy character of vermouth and the complex herbal and slightly sweet taste of green Chartreuse. Orange bitters contribute a citrusy aroma and a touch of bitterness, further enhancing the drink's complexity. The result is a sophisticated and harmonious blend of flavors, showcasing the interplay of complementary ingredients. It's a great alternative to a Negroni if you want something a little less bitter. The Bijou remains a testament to the art of cocktail creation, reflecting the historical context of its origin and continuing to be appreciated by cocktail enthusiasts seeking a balanced and flavorful experience.39:T585,The Bronx cocktail is a variation of the Martini, distinguished by the addition of orange juice. It emerged in the early 20th century, around the time of the 1904 World's Fair in St. Louis, Missouri. The cocktail's name is reportedly derived from the Bronx borough of New York City, though the exact circumstances remain debated. One popular anecdote suggests that a bartender at the Waldorf Astoria, Joseph Sormani, created it for a customer who requested something "different". It gained popularity during the pre-Prohibition era, finding mention in prominent cocktail guides such as Harry Craddock's 'Savoy Cocktail Book'. The Bronx is essentially a Perfect Martini with orange juice, blending the dryness of gin and vermouth with the citrusy sweetness of orange. Different recipes call for varying proportions of sweet and dry vermouth, affecting the overall sweetness and balance. Some modern variations also add a dash of orange bitters for additional complexity, further bridging the gap between a Martini and a more complex citrus cocktail. The Bronx has somewhat faded in popularity compared to its Martini parent, but it remains a classic example of early 20th-century mixology, demonstrating how small additions can dramatically alter a cocktail's character. It offers a balanced profile, appealing to those who appreciate the structure of a Martini but seek a slightly sweeter and fruitier experience.3a:T406,The Chicago Cocktail, despite its name, has murky origins, with no definitive link to the city itself. It's a classic cocktail recipe found in older bartending books, predating the more modern cocktail renaissance. The cocktail is a simple mix of brandy, bitters, curaçao, and sugar, creating a balanced and slightly sweet drink. Its flavor profile is characterized by the fruity notes of brandy, complemented by the citrusy and bitter elements of the other ingredients. The Chicago Cocktail is not widely served today, but it remains a testament to the simpler cocktail recipes of the past. It offers a glimpse into the history of cocktail making, showcasing a time when fewer ingredients were used to create interesting and flavorful drinks. The recipe's lack of a definitive origin story only adds to its mystique, inviting bartenders and cocktail enthusiasts to explore and rediscover this forgotten classic. It's a drink that honors the elegance and simplicity of early cocktail culture, offering a smooth and complex taste.3b:T465,The Penicillin is a modern classic cocktail created in 2005 by Sam Ross at Milk & Honey in New York City. It's a variation on the Gold Rush, a whiskey sour made with honey syrup. Ross's Penicillin distinguishes itself by adding ginger and a float of smoky Islay Scotch. The cocktail is a delightful balance of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors, with a pronounced smoky aroma. The ginger adds a warm, spicy kick that complements the honey's sweetness, while the lemon juice provides a refreshing tartness. The Islay Scotch, typically Laphroaig, adds a layer of complexity with its distinctive peaty and medicinal notes. The Penicillin quickly gained popularity for its innovative flavor combination and has become a staple in many cocktail bars worldwide. It is often cited as one of the most influential cocktails of the 21st century. The drink's name suggests its supposed medicinal properties, hinting at the soothing qualities of honey, ginger, and whisky, though it is mostly a playful reference. It's a sophisticated and balanced cocktail suitable for both whisky enthusiasts and those looking for a more adventurous drink.3c:T47e,The Dark 'n' Stormy is a simple yet iconic highball cocktail officially trademarked by Gosling's Brothers Ltd of Bermuda. This drink is a harmonious blend of dark rum and ginger beer, creating a balance of sweet, spicy, and boozy flavors. Its origins are firmly rooted in Bermuda, where Gosling's rum has been produced since 1806, and the cocktail emerged in the early 20th century. The combination of the locally made rum with ginger beer, often Barritt's Ginger Beer also from Bermuda or another high-quality brand, quickly gained popularity among sailors and locals alike. Gosling's holds the trademark for the Dark 'n' Stormy, stipulating that it must be made with their Black Seal Rum and ginger beer to be officially called by that name. Beyond Bermuda, the cocktail has become a global favorite, especially popular in sailing communities. Its easy preparation and refreshing taste have made it a staple at bars and gatherings worldwide. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and the interplay of its two main ingredients: the robust, molasses-rich rum and the zesty, spicy ginger beer, creating a unique and satisfying drinking experience.3d:T447,The Negroni, a timeless Italian aperitivo, is celebrated for its equal-parts simplicity and complex flavor profile. Its origins are traced back to Florence, Italy, in 1919 at Caffè Casoni. Legend has it that Count Camillo Negroni, seeking a stronger version of his favorite Americano (Campari, sweet vermouth, and soda water), requested the soda water be replaced with gin. The bartender, Fosco Scarselli, obliged, and the Negroni was born. The cocktail quickly gained popularity for its bittersweet, herbal, and refreshing qualities. Its striking red hue and simple preparation have contributed to its enduring appeal, making it a staple in bars worldwide. The Negroni is typically served over ice in an old-fashioned glass and garnished with an orange peel, further enhancing its citrusy aroma and visual appeal. Its balanced blend of gin, vermouth, and Campari makes it a perfect pre-dinner drink, stimulating the appetite and preparing the palate for the meal to come. The Negroni remains a symbol of Italian cocktail culture, cherished for its history, simplicity, and sophisticated taste.3e:T411,The Remember the Maine is a pre-Prohibition cocktail that serves as a close relative to the Manhattan and the Rob Roy. It emerges from a time of significant political tension between the United States and Spain, specifically surrounding Cuba's fight for independence. The cocktail's name originates from the USS Maine, an American battleship that mysteriously exploded in Havana harbor in 1898, an event that catalyzed the Spanish-American War. The drink, like the event, is bold and carries a somber weight. The combination of rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, cherry heering, and absinthe creates a complex flavor profile that is both strong and subtly sweet, with herbal undertones. This historical cocktail offers a fascinating glimpse into a bygone era, making it a notable choice for those who appreciate the cultural and historical significance behind their drinks. Its robust character makes it an excellent choice for whiskey lovers looking for something beyond the standard Manhattan, offering a richer, slightly more bitter experience.3f:T4d2,The Clover Club is a classic pre-Prohibition cocktail known for its beautiful pink hue and balanced flavor profile. It originated at the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel in Philadelphia, where the Clover Club Society, a group of lawyers and writers, regularly met. The cocktail gained popularity in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, appearing in numerous cocktail books. Its blend of gin, raspberry syrup, lemon juice, and egg white creates a silky texture and a delightful combination of sweet, tart, and floral notes. The egg white not only contributes to the creamy texture but also softens the sharpness of the other ingredients, creating a harmonious drink. The Clover Club experienced a decline in popularity during the mid-20th century but has seen a resurgence in recent years as classic cocktails have made a comeback. Modern variations sometimes include different types of gin or raspberry-flavored liqueurs, but the core elements remain the same: a balance of sweet, sour, and spirit with a velvety texture. This pink drink makes it an excellent choice for a brunch cocktail or any occasion where a refreshing and visually appealing drink is desired. Its historical significance and refined flavor make it a timeless classic.40:T51d,The Death in the Afternoon, also known as the Hemingway Champagne, is a potent and effervescent cocktail created by Ernest Hemingway. Its simple yet striking combination of absinthe and Champagne delivers a unique sensory experience. The cocktail's invention is attributed to Hemingway, who included the recipe in a collection of celebrity cocktail recipes published in 1935. The name itself reflects Hemingway's characteristic dark humor and appreciation for strong, straightforward drinks. The preparation is exceptionally simple: absinthe is poured into a Champagne flute and then topped with Champagne. The drink should then be stirred gently until it obtains an opalescent cloudiness, creating a visually appealing effect. The result is a drink that is both refreshing and intensely flavored. The anise notes of the absinthe are balanced by the dryness and bubbles of the Champagne, creating a surprisingly harmonious blend. Despite its simplicity, the Death in the Afternoon is not for the faint of heart due to its high alcohol content. It’s best enjoyed slowly, allowing the flavors to fully develop on the palate. This cocktail remains a favorite among those seeking a bold and distinctive drinking experience, embodying Hemingway's adventurous spirit and appreciation for the finer things in life.41:T4e5,The Churchill cocktail, named after the iconic British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill, is a testament to simplicity and strength. It's a cocktail of significant booziness, intended to be sipped and savored. Unlike many modern concoctions with numerous ingredients, the Churchill focuses on the quality of the scotch and the subtle influence of the dry vermouth. Its origins are somewhat shrouded in mystery, with no definitive historical record firmly establishing its creation or Churchill's direct involvement. Despite the lack of concrete historical evidence, the cocktail's name and character evoke the spirit of the renowned statesman. The cocktail's straightforward preparation and bold flavor profile reflect Churchill's directness and unwavering resolve. The slightly sweet and subtly herbal notes of the vermouth serve only to soften the edges of the scotch, creating a balanced yet potent drink. Served chilled and neat, the Churchill is best enjoyed as an after-dinner drink or a contemplative nightcap, allowing one to appreciate the nuanced flavors and historical associations. It stands as a timeless tribute to a remarkable figure, embodying the strength, simplicity, and subtle sophistication associated with Sir Winston Churchill.42:T426,The Old Etonian cocktail is a classic concoction with a complex and layered flavor profile, offering a delightful balance of sweet, bitter, and herbal notes. Its roots are somewhat obscure, lacking a definitive historical origin, but it is known from the mid-20th century bartending guides. The drink combines the dryness of gin with the herbal and slightly bitter character of Lillet Blanc and the sweetness from the apricot brandy and orange bitters, resulting in a sophisticated and balanced drink. The cocktail's name suggests a connection to Eton College, a prestigious boarding school in England, implying an association with refined tastes and a sense of tradition. The Old Etonian provides a smooth and elegant drinking experience, often served in a chilled cocktail glass without ice, thus highlighting the cocktail's rich flavors. It appeals to those who appreciate well-balanced cocktails with a subtle sweetness and interesting herbal undertones. It is a drink to be savored slowly, allowing one to appreciate the interplay of its diverse components.43:T514,The Widow's Kiss is a classic cocktail that dates back to the late 19th century. It's a complex and potent drink, combining the richness of apple brandy (Calvados) with the herbal and aromatic qualities of Benedictine and the sweetness of yellow Chartreuse. A dash of Angostura bitters adds a touch of spice and depth, tying all the flavors together. The cocktail's name evokes a sense of mystery and perhaps even danger, hinting at the powerful combination of ingredients. It's a drink best enjoyed slowly, allowing the flavors to unfold and mingle on the palate. The Widow's Kiss is a testament to the creativity and ingenuity of early mixologists, showcasing their ability to create balanced and intriguing cocktails with a relatively small number of ingredients. The historical accounts of the Widow's Kiss are hazy, adding to its allure. It's believed to have originated in the United States, possibly in a New York City bar. The cocktail's name and potent nature suggests it was a sophisticated drink, favored by those seeking a complex and rewarding experience. The Widow's Kiss is a reminder of a bygone era, when cocktails were crafted with care and attention to detail. It's a drink that deserves to be rediscovered and appreciated for its unique flavor profile and historical significance.44:T49b,The Campari Spritz is a refreshing and simple aperitivo cocktail, a variation of the classic Aperol Spritz. It substitutes Aperol with Campari, resulting in a more bitter and complex flavor profile. The Spritz evolved from the practice of adding a splash of still water to wine in 19th-century Veneto, Italy, to dilute it. The modern version, with sparkling wine and a bitter liqueur, gained popularity in the 20th century. It is now a widely enjoyed pre-dinner drink, particularly in warmer months, known for its vibrant color and easy-to-drink nature. Its distinct bitterness makes it an excellent palate cleanser, preparing the taste buds for the meal to come. The Campari Spritz is a staple in Italian aperitivo culture, representing a moment of relaxation and socializing before dinner, often accompanied by small snacks and appetizers. Its global appeal stems from its simplicity, refreshing qualities, and the inherent sophistication associated with Italian cocktail culture. The Campari Spritz offers a drier, more sophisticated alternative to the sweeter Aperol Spritz. It's the perfect choice for those who appreciate a more pronounced bitter flavor in their cocktails.45:T46d,The Green Beast cocktail is a vibrant and refreshing drink known for its striking green color and invigorating flavor profile. It's a modern classic that combines the crispness of cucumber and lime with the subtle anise notes of absinthe and the sweetness of elderflower liqueur. The effervescence of soda water adds a delightful lightness to the drink. While its exact origins are somewhat hazy, the Green Beast has gained popularity as a sophisticated and visually appealing cocktail, perfect for warm weather gatherings or as a unique addition to any cocktail menu. Its balance of flavors and vibrant presentation make it a memorable and enjoyable experience. The cocktail embodies a contemporary approach to drink-making, blending classic techniques with modern flavor combinations. It is usually associated with parties and sunny afternoon gatherings. It's often served in a highball glass, which showcases its beautiful green hue and effervescence. Overall, the Green Beast cocktail is a testament to the creativity and innovation within the world of mixology, offering a captivating experience for both the eye and the palate.46:T4db,The Brooklyn cocktail, a pre-Prohibition gem, offers a sophisticated variation on the Manhattan. Its subtle complexity arises from the blend of rye whiskey, dry vermouth, maraschino liqueur, and Amer Picon or a substitute like Cynar or Ramazzotti. While its exact origins are debated, it's believed to have emerged in the early 20th century, possibly named after the New York City borough. The Brooklyn showcases how a few carefully chosen ingredients can transform a classic template into something entirely new, creating a balanced and intriguing drink for the discerning palate. The touch of bitterness from the Amer Picon (or its alternative) distinguishes it from its more famous cousin, the Manhattan. It emphasizes the importance of quality ingredients and the subtle art of balancing flavors to achieve a truly memorable cocktail experience. It’s a testament to the creativity and experimentation of bartenders from a bygone era, when classic cocktails were being refined and new variations were constantly being explored, resulting in a rich and diverse cocktail culture that continues to inspire today. The Brooklyn, with its elegant balance and understated complexity, is a worthy addition to any cocktail enthusiast's repertoire.47:T47a,The Barracuda is a sparkling cocktail that offers a delightful combination of rum, Galliano, pineapple juice, lime juice, and Prosecco. It's a relatively modern creation, gaining popularity in the early 2010s, and is known for its vibrant flavors and bubbly effervescence. The cocktail provides a balanced profile of sweetness, acidity, and subtle herbal notes, making it a refreshing and celebratory choice. The Barracuda is often served in a champagne flute or coupe, highlighting its elegant presentation. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and ability to cater to a wide range of palates. The combination of rum and Galliano adds complexity, while the pineapple and lime juices bring a tropical and tangy edge. The addition of Prosecco elevates the drink with its delicate bubbles and dry finish. The Barracuda is a testament to the mixological trend of creating accessible yet sophisticated cocktails that are both visually appealing and enjoyable to drink. It’s suitable for casual gatherings, celebratory events, or as a delightful aperitif before a meal. It's a crowd-pleaser due to its balanced flavors and approachable profile.48:T511,The Lapsang Souchong Martini is a sophisticated and unusual twist on the classic Martini, incorporating the distinctive smoky flavor of Lapsang Souchong tea. This cocktail aims to balance the gin's botanical notes with the tea's unique character, creating a complex and intriguing drink. The tea infusion process is crucial, requiring careful monitoring to avoid overpowering the gin. The vermouth selection is also important, as it needs to complement both the gin and the tea without being overshadowed. The result is a Martini that is smoky, dry, and subtly botanical, offering a unique and memorable drinking experience. The Lapsang Souchong Martini is typically served in a chilled Martini glass and garnished with a lemon twist to add a hint of citrus brightness that balances the smokiness. It is a cocktail best enjoyed by those with a penchant for adventurous flavors and a curiosity for exploring new combinations. This cocktail demonstrates the versatility of tea in mixology and how it can be used to create innovative and nuanced drinks. It represents a departure from traditional cocktails and showcases the potential for culinary-inspired mixology. The Lapsang Souchong Martini is a testament to the art of balancing unexpected flavors and creating a harmonious drinking experience.49:T5eb,The La Louisiane is a sophisticated New Orleans cocktail with a complex and layered flavor profile. Created in the early 20th century, likely at the Restaurant de la Louisiane, it's a variation on the Sazerac and the Manhattan. The drink combines rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, Benedictine, and absinthe, resulting in a bittersweet and herbal concoction. Its rich history reflects the blending of cultures and flavors that define New Orleans cocktail tradition. While the precise origins are debated, the drink gained popularity in the early 1900s and remains a classic choice for those seeking a complex and spirit-forward cocktail. The interplay of the spicy rye, the herbal Benedictine, and the aromatic absinthe creates a truly unique and memorable drinking experience. Today, the La Louisiane stands as a testament to the creativity and innovation of early mixologists and continues to be enjoyed by cocktail enthusiasts around the world. Its intricate balance of flavors and historical significance make it a must-try for anyone interested in exploring the rich heritage of classic cocktails. Experiment with the proportions to fine-tune it to your individual palate. It's a drink that rewards careful consideration and appreciation. Remember that high-quality ingredients are key to achieving the best possible result. Adjust sweetness and bitterness as needed by adding simple syrup or bitters. Consider aging the cocktail in a sealed bottle in the fridge for a week to allow for the flavors to meld together.4a:T451,The Aviation is a classic cocktail created in the early 20th century by Hugo Ensslin, head bartender at the Hotel Wallick in New York City. Its defining characteristic is its sky-blue hue, achieved through the use of crème de violette, a violet liqueur. The original recipe called for gin, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, and crème de violette. The crème de violette imparts a floral aroma and a delicate violet flavor. Due to the scarcity of crème de violette in later years, some bartenders omitted it, resulting in a drink that lacked the distinctive color and floral notes of the original. Modern revivals of the Aviation cocktail typically include crème de violette to stay true to the original recipe. The balance of the drink hinges on the interplay between the dry gin, the tart lemon juice, the subtle sweetness of maraschino liqueur, and the floral complexity of the violet liqueur. A well-made Aviation is a refreshing and sophisticated cocktail that evokes a sense of elegance and history. The drink is often served in a coupe or martini glass and garnished with a cherry or lemon twist.4b:T447,The Cynar Spritz is a vibrant and refreshing aperitivo, popular for its balanced bittersweet flavor profile. It's a variation on the classic Venetian Spritz, replacing Aperol or Campari with Cynar, an artichoke-based amaro. The resulting cocktail retains the effervescence and approachability of a spritz while introducing a more complex, herbal, and slightly vegetal bitterness. This makes it a sophisticated choice for those seeking a less sweet and more intriguing aperitif. The Cynar Spritz gained popularity as part of the broader resurgence of interest in amari and bitter cocktails. Its ease of preparation and the readily available ingredients have contributed to its widespread adoption. It is often enjoyed before meals to stimulate the appetite and cleanse the palate. The cocktail is typically served in a wine glass over ice and garnished with an orange slice or wedge, which complements the bitter and citrusy notes of the drink. Variations may include the addition of a splash of soda water or a different type of sparkling wine to adjust the level of sweetness and effervescence.4c:T451,The Fernet Branca & Coke, sometimes simply called a 'Fernet con Coca', is a popular highball, particularly in Argentina. The bitter, herbal Fernet Branca, an Italian amaro, is combined with Coca-Cola, creating a bittersweet and refreshing drink. While the combination might seem unusual to some, the sweetness of the Coca-Cola balances the intense bitterness of the Fernet Branca, making it surprisingly palatable. It's a simple yet satisfying cocktail that is easy to prepare and enjoy. It's often served as an aperitivo or digestivo. Its appeal comes from its distinctive flavor profile and the ease with which it can be made. The origins of the drink are strongly linked to Argentinian culture, where Fernet Branca consumption is exceptionally high. While precise historical records detailing its exact creation may be scant, its widespread popularity and cultural significance within Argentina are undeniable. The drink exemplifies how simple combinations can create unexpectedly complex and enjoyable flavor profiles. Fernet and Coke has found its way to other countries and has spread in popularity.4d:T4a4,The Bee's Knees is a classic Prohibition-era cocktail that balances the botanical notes of gin with the sweetness of honey and the tartness of lemon. Its name, a slang term meaning 'the best,' reflects its delightful flavor profile and enduring appeal. The cocktail's history is intertwined with the efforts to mask the often harsh flavors of bathtub gin during Prohibition. Honey, with its natural sweetness and aromatic qualities, served as an effective sweetener and flavor enhancer, while lemon juice added a refreshing acidity that brightened the overall taste. The Bee's Knees represents a clever and delicious solution to the challenges of crafting palatable cocktails with the available spirits of the time. Over the years, it has remained a popular choice for those seeking a simple yet sophisticated drink that showcases the harmonious interplay of its three core ingredients. Its enduring legacy speaks to the timeless appeal of well-balanced cocktails that are both refreshing and flavorful. The modern resurgence of interest in classic cocktails has further cemented the Bee's Knees' place in cocktail history, ensuring that it continues to be enjoyed by generations to come.4e:T492,The Irish Maid is a refreshing and herbaceous cocktail, celebrated for its balance of sweet, sour, and subtly bitter flavors. Created by Sam Ross at Milk & Honey in New York City, it cleverly reimagines the classic Gold Rush cocktail, substituting Irish whiskey for bourbon and adding the unique twist of elderflower liqueur and cucumber. This combination results in a drink that is both familiar and intriguingly different. The cucumber's fresh, vegetal notes intermingle beautifully with the floral sweetness of the elderflower and the robust character of the Irish whiskey. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and the harmonious interaction of its components, making it an accessible yet sophisticated choice for any occasion. It stands as a modern classic, frequently requested for its balanced profile and refreshing qualities. The Irish Maid is typically served in a rocks glass and is best enjoyed as an aperitif or a light evening drink. Its vibrant flavor makes it especially appealing during warmer months. It is recognized as an outstanding contribution to the modern cocktail renaissance, underscoring the enduring creativity within the mixology world.4f:T40b,The Old Pal is a classic cocktail that elegantly combines the boldness of rye whiskey with the bittersweet notes of dry vermouth and Campari. It's essentially a Boulevardier (which uses sweet vermouth) but with dry vermouth, making it drier and more bitter. The drink's origins are somewhat hazy, but it likely emerged in the early 20th century, a time when bartenders were experimenting with different combinations of spirits and modifiers. The name "Old Pal" suggests a drink meant for companionship and shared enjoyment, and its balanced yet assertive flavor profile makes it a sophisticated choice for those who appreciate a complex and not-too-sweet cocktail. It showcases the interplay of bitter, herbal, and spicy notes, making it a memorable experience. It’s a perfect drink for those who like a less sweet variation on a classic cocktail. The use of equal parts in many recipes emphasizes the balance and harmony of the ingredients. The Old Pal stands as a testament to the enduring appeal of simple, well-crafted cocktails.50:T44e,The Pisco Sour is a classic cocktail originating from Peru, although its exact origins are debated. It's a delightful blend of pisco, lime juice, simple syrup, egg white, and a dash of bitters. The egg white provides a silky smooth texture and a frothy head, while the lime juice offers a refreshing tartness that balances the sweetness of the syrup. The bitters add a touch of aromatic complexity. The cocktail is traditionally served chilled and garnished with a few drops of Angostura bitters, creating a visually appealing and flavorful experience. There are several variations of the cocktail, but the core ingredients remain consistent. The drink has become a symbol of Peruvian national pride, and is a staple in bars around the world. The quality of pisco greatly influences the final taste of the drink, making it essential to choose a good one. Often made with Quebranta pisco for authenticity, other varietals can also be used. Overall, the Pisco Sour is a harmonious blend of sweet, sour, and spirituous flavors that will tantalize the taste buds, a timeless cocktail appreciated worldwide.51:T4b7,The White Lady is a classic pre-Prohibition era cocktail that balances the dryness of gin with the sweetness of orange liqueur and the tartness of lemon juice. Its origins are debated, with Harry MacElhone at Harry's New York Bar in Paris and Harry Craddock at the Savoy Hotel in London both laying claim to its creation. The cocktail is a member of the sour family and is closely related to the Sidecar and the Margarita, all sharing a similar formula of base spirit, citrus, and sweetener. It gained popularity in the 1920s and 30s and remains a beloved cocktail for its simplicity, elegance, and refreshing taste. The White Lady is appreciated for its bright, clean flavors and its ability to showcase the quality of the gin used. A well-made White Lady should be perfectly balanced, with no single ingredient overpowering the others. Its enduring appeal lies in its timelessness and its capacity to be easily adapted to individual preferences by adjusting the proportions of the ingredients. The cocktail's name likely refers to its pale, white color, achieved by shaking the ingredients with ice and straining into a chilled glass. It is a sophisticated and refined cocktail, suitable for any occasion.52:T57d,The Bamboo cocktail is a classic aperitif known for its elegant simplicity and relatively low alcohol content. Created in the late 19th century at the Grand Hotel in Yokohama, Japan, by a bartender named Louis Eppinger, it was designed to cater to the tastes of international travelers seeking a lighter drink. The Bamboo is essentially a sherry-based Martini, substituting gin or vodka with dry sherry. This substitution results in a gentler, more nuanced flavor profile, making it an excellent choice for those who prefer a less intense cocktail. The drink's popularity spread through word of mouth and early cocktail books, solidifying its place in cocktail history as a sophisticated and approachable option. Its appeal lies in its balanced composition, showcasing the interplay between the nutty notes of sherry and the herbal undertones of vermouth, all lifted by a touch of bitters. The Bamboo remains a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts who appreciate a refined and subtle drinking experience, and it embodies a bridge between European cocktail traditions and the emerging global cocktail culture of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Variations exist using different types of sherry and vermouth to adjust the drink's flavor profile, but the core concept remains the same: a harmonious blend of sherry and vermouth, creating a lighter, more elegant alternative to spirit-forward cocktails.53:T4cf,The Aviation is a classic cocktail that emerged in the early 20th century, created by Hugo Ensslin, the head bartender at the Hotel Wallick in New York. Its name is derived from the light blue hue imparted by crème de violette, evoking the color of the sky. The original recipe called for gin, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, and crème de violette. The crème de violette, however, can be difficult to find, and its floral note can be overpowering. As a result, many modern versions omit or reduce the amount of crème de violette, leading to a simpler, drier cocktail. Takumi's Aviation aims for balance, celebrating the violet flavor but grounding it with gin and acidity. Finding that precise balance between floral sweetness, tartness, and dry gin is key to a well-made Aviation. Some bartenders have used the butterfly pea flower to give the cocktail a purple tint without the violet flavor. The cocktail's balance is delicate; too much violette dominates, while too little makes it a tart gin sour. The Aviation represents a time of optimism and innovation and remains a sophisticated and beautiful drink. Different gins will affect the flavor profile, so try different ones. Experiment with the ratios to suit your taste.54:T50d,The Manhattan cocktail is a classic and sophisticated drink with a rich history. Believed to have originated in the late 19th century at the Manhattan Club in New York City, the cocktail quickly gained popularity and became a staple in bars worldwide. While the exact origin is debated, the earliest accounts suggest it was created for a banquet hosted by Lady Randolph Churchill (Winston Churchill's mother). The initial recipe likely involved whiskey, sweet vermouth, and bitters. Over time, variations emerged, including the use of different types of whiskey (rye, bourbon, Canadian whisky) and the substitution of sweet vermouth with dry vermouth for a 'Dry Manhattan'. A 'Perfect Manhattan' uses equal parts sweet and dry vermouth. The drink is typically stirred with ice, strained into a chilled glass, and garnished with a maraschino cherry or a lemon twist. Its enduring appeal lies in its simple yet complex flavor profile – a harmonious blend of whiskey's warmth, vermouth's herbal notes, and bitters' subtle spice. The Manhattan remains a symbol of classic cocktail culture and a testament to the enduring appeal of well-balanced and thoughtfully crafted drinks. Its elegance and boldness continue to captivate cocktail enthusiasts around the globe, making it a timeless favorite.55:T53a,The Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea is a potent variation of the classic Long Island Iced Tea, distinguished by the addition of whiskey to the standard mix of vodka, gin, rum, and tequila. This cocktail amplifies both the alcoholic content and the complexity of the original, creating a drink that is significantly stronger and more flavorful. The drink's name implies its intense kick, suggesting that a few sips can feel like a long journey. The origin of the Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea, like its predecessor, is somewhat debated, but it likely emerged as a creative adaptation within the bartending community, aiming to enhance the original's impact. The addition of whiskey contributes a smoky, oak-aged dimension that complements the other spirits. This is a drink best enjoyed responsibly, given its high alcohol content. The balance between the spirits and the sweet and sour mix is crucial; a well-made Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea should mask its strength behind a deceptively palatable flavor profile. It is a popular choice for those seeking a strong and flavorful cocktail, but due to its potency, moderation is strongly advised. It showcases how a simple tweak to a classic recipe can result in a significantly different drinking experience, appealing to those who appreciate a bolder and more complex flavor profile.56:T4e6,The Tuxedo cocktail, a refined and sophisticated variation on the classic Martini, emerged in the late 19th century. Its precise origins are somewhat debated, with some attributing it to the Tuxedo Club in New York City, while others suggest it was created at a bar of the same name. What sets the Tuxedo apart from a standard Martini is the addition of maraschino liqueur, absinthe, and orange bitters, creating a more complex and aromatic experience. These additions mellow the gin's intensity, introducing subtle sweetness, herbal notes, and citrus aromas. The Tuxedo offers a journey beyond the stark dryness of a Martini, appealing to those seeking a more nuanced and flavorful cocktail. It represents a step towards elegance, offering subtle complexity, yet it remains dry enough to be an aperitif. The Tuxedo has several variations. The Tuxedo No. 2, for example, uses dry vermouth, orange bitters, absinthe, and maraschino. The original recipe (Tuxedo No. 1) called for sherry, but the modern versions often replace it with vermouth, either dry or sweet, depending on the preference. The Tuxedo remains a testament to the innovation in classic cocktail recipes, showcasing how a simple addition or substitution can transform the whole experience.57:T489,The El Presidente is a classic Cuban cocktail that predates the Cuban Revolution. Its origins are somewhat debated, but it is believed to have been created in honor of a Cuban president, possibly Mario García Menocal, sometime in the early 20th century. The drink gained popularity among American tourists visiting Cuba during the Prohibition era, becoming a staple in Havana bars. The El Presidente is a sophisticated and balanced cocktail. It shares similarities with the Manhattan and Martini families, but with a distinct Cuban flair. The use of white rum distinguishes it, offering a lighter and more vibrant base compared to whiskey or gin. The original recipe likely used French vermouth (dry), but Italian vermouth (sweet) is the modern preference. A dash of grenadine adds a subtle sweetness and a touch of color, while orange curaçao contributes citrus notes and complexity. Some variations use a small amount of simple syrup in place of the grenadine. The cocktail is typically served straight up in a chilled coupe or martini glass and garnished with an orange peel. This cocktail represents a bygone era of Cuban elegance and cocktail innovation.58:T530,The Mezcal Negroni is a smoky and complex twist on the classic Negroni cocktail. It replaces the traditional gin with mezcal, offering a deeper, more intense flavor profile. The mezcal's earthy and smoky notes combine with the bitter Campari and sweet vermouth to create a well-balanced and intriguing drink. The origins of the Mezcal Negroni are relatively recent, emerging as a popular variation within the craft cocktail scene. Bartenders and cocktail enthusiasts sought to explore new flavor combinations, and mezcal's unique characteristics made it a natural fit for the Negroni framework. The drink's appeal lies in its ability to retain the core Negroni balance while introducing a layer of complexity and smokiness that elevates the experience. The Mezcal Negroni is typically served over ice in an old-fashioned glass, garnished with an orange peel, which complements both the mezcal and the Campari. The cocktail is appreciated for its robust flavor, making it a favorite among those who enjoy bolder, more adventurous drinks. It embodies the spirit of innovation in cocktail culture, showcasing how classic recipes can be reimagined with different ingredients to create something entirely new and exciting. The Mezcal Negroni offers a sophisticated and memorable drinking experience, perfect for sipping and savoring.59:T473,The Fitzgerald is a delightful variation of the classic Gin Sour, distinguished by the addition of a few dashes of Angostura bitters. It offers a refreshing and aromatic profile, balancing sweetness, tartness, and a subtle bitterness. While the exact origins of the Fitzgerald are debated, it is widely attributed to Dale DeGroff, a prominent figure in the cocktail renaissance. DeGroff is known for his meticulous approach to cocktail crafting and his dedication to using fresh, high-quality ingredients. His contributions have significantly influenced modern mixology. The drink embodies a bright and zesty character, making it a fantastic choice for warm weather or as an aperitif. The Angostura bitters add a layer of depth and complexity, differentiating it from a standard gin sour. This cocktail appeals to those who appreciate well-balanced drinks with a touch of sophistication. The Fitzgerald is simple to make, requiring only a few readily available ingredients, making it easy to recreate at home. Its vibrant flavor profile ensures it is a memorable and enjoyable drink, worthy of its place in the contemporary cocktail canon.6:["$","div",null,{"className":"p-6","children":["$","div",null,{"className":"max-w-4xl mx-auto","children":[["$","h1",null,{"className":"text-4xl mb-6","children":["Cocktails with ","Herbal"," flavor"]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"grid grid-cols-1 gap-4","children":[["$","$Le","Royal Arrival",{"cocktail":{"name":"Royal Arrival","description":"The Royal Arrival is a sophisticated and celebratory cocktail, perfect for special occasions. It features the harmonious blend of gin, elderflower liqueur, fresh citrus, and a touch of sweetness, elevated by the effervescence of sparkling wine. This cocktail offers a delightful balance of floral, citrus, and subtly sweet flavors, making it a refreshing and elegant choice. The gin provides a botanical complexity, while the elderflower liqueur adds a delicate floral note. The lemon juice brings a refreshing tartness that is balanced by the simple syrup. Topped with sparkling wine, it's celebratory and refreshing. The Royal Arrival is a modern take on classic sparkling wine cocktails, ideal for toasting significant events or enjoying as a luxurious aperitif.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine gin, elderflower liqueur, lemon juice, and simple syrup in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or champagne flute. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with a lemon twist.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a botanical backbone and structure to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a floral and slightly sweet flavor that complements the gin and adds aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial sour element, balancing the sweetness and enhancing the other flavors."},{"amount":10,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the necessary sweetness to balance the acidity and round out the flavors."},{"amount":60,"name":"Sparkling Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and a touch of elegance, creating a celebratory feel and enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Cloister",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cloister","description":"The Cloister is a sophisticated cocktail that balances gin's botanical character with the sweetness of apricot liqueur and the tartness of citrus. Its origins are somewhat mysterious, but it gained popularity in the mid-20th century, celebrated for its refined flavor profile and elegant presentation. It features a harmonious blend of dry gin, apricot liqueur, lemon juice, and egg white. The egg white provides a silky texture and creamy mouthfeel, enhancing the overall drinking experience. Shaking vigorously emulsifies the egg white, creating a frothy top that is visually appealing and contributes to the cocktail's luxurious character. The Cloister is a testament to the enduring appeal of classic cocktails that prioritize balance and quality ingredients. Its layered flavors make it an excellent choice for discerning cocktail enthusiasts and those seeking a refined and memorable drink.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker without ice and dry shake vigorously to emulsify the egg white. Add ice and shake again until well-chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass. Express oils from a lemon twist over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic foundation and botanical complexity of the cocktail, delivering a dry and aromatic base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot liqueur adds a delicate stone fruit sweetness and aromatic depth, complementing the gin's botanicals and softening the overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice introduces a bright and acidic counterpoint to the gin and apricot liqueur, balancing the sweetness and providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white creates a smooth, velvety texture and a frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel and visual appeal of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Negroni Sbagliato",{"cocktail":{"name":"Negroni Sbagliato","description":"$f","historical_reference":"As told by bartender Mirko Stocchetto at Bar Basso in Milan, Italy, in 1972. Reference can be found on multiple reputable cocktail sites.","technique":"Pour Campari and Sweet Vermouth into a rocks glass filled with ice. Top with Prosecco. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange slice or zest.","garnish":"Orange slice or zest","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Campari provides the foundational bitterness and vibrant red color, contributing complex herbal and citrus notes to the cocktail's backbone."},{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet Vermouth adds a layer of sweetness and botanical complexity, balancing the bitterness of the Campari and rounding out the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":90,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco introduces a light, effervescent quality and subtle fruitiness to the cocktail, replacing the gin traditionally found in a Negroni for a lighter, more approachable drink."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Fernet con Coca",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fernet con Coca","description":"$10","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add Fernet Branca. Top with Coca-Cola. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with a lemon or orange peel, if desired.","garnish":"Lemon or orange peel (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":50,"name":"Fernet Branca","unit":"ml","rationale":"The key ingredient, providing a strong bitter, herbal, and medicinal flavor profile that defines the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Coca-Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, acidity, and carbonation to balance the bitterness of the Fernet and creates the classic highball effervescence."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Mai Tai",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mai Tai","description":"$11","historical_reference":"Trader Vic's Bartender's Guide, Revised Edition, Doubleday, 1972. p. 240.","technique":"Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a double rocks glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish as directed.","garnish":"Mint sprig and lime wheel, express lime peel over the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Aged Jamaican Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides depth, complexity, and funky notes characteristic of the Mai Tai, contributing to the overall structure and booziness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Aged Rhum Agricole","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds grassy, vegetal notes that blend with the other rum to produce unique and complex flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes orange peel flavors and subtle bitterness, rounding out the flavor profile and adding another layer of complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds essential acidity to balance the sweetness and brighten the flavors, preventing it from being overly heavy."},{"amount":15,"name":"Orgeat Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides almond and floral notes and delicate sweetness, it is a key flavor component in a Mai Tai."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Nutty","Citrus","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","The Last Word",{"cocktail":{"name":"The Last Word","description":"$12","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide to Cocktail #12: The Last Word Cocktail. Attributed to Frank Fogarty, Detroit Athletic Club circa 1915, rediscovered by Murray Stenson in the early 2000s.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Garnish.","garnish":"Brandied cherry or lime wedge. (Optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary spirituous backbone, offering a botanical complexity of juniper, coriander, and other herbs and spices that form the cocktail's core flavor."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Green Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Green Chartreuse introduces an intensely herbal and subtly sweet complexity, contributing a unique blend of flavors from over 130 different herbs and botanicals, and acting as a crucial bridge between the gin and other ingredients."},{"amount":22,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur provides a cherry and almond flavor along with a slight sweetness which balances the other strong flavors. Luxardo is often preferred."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers a bright, tart acidity, balancing the sweetness of the liqueurs and adding a refreshing citrus element that enhances the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Citrus","Fruity","Bitter","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Gin Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gin Sour","description":"$13","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! (2015) documents sour-style drinks from the 1800s, although a specific Gin Sour reference is difficult to pinpoint with certainty prior to later cocktail books.","technique":"1. If using egg white, combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice (dry shake) for 15 seconds to emulsify the egg white.\n2. Add ice to the shaker and shake vigorously for another 15-20 seconds to chill and further emulsify the mixture.\n3. Double strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. If serving in a rocks glass, fill with fresh ice.\n4. Garnish with a lemon peel twist or a few drops of bitters on the egg white foam (if used).","garnish":"Lemon peel twist or a few drops of bitters on the egg white foam (if used). Express the oils from the lemon peel over the drink before placing it on the rim.","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic botanical flavors that define the cocktail. It contributes dryness and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and highlighting the gin's botanicals. Its tartness is crucial for the sour profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile. The amount can be adjusted to preference."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white (optional) adds a silky texture and creates a frothy head when shaken. It mellows the sharpness of the citrus and binds all ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Americano",{"cocktail":{"name":"Americano","description":"$14","historical_reference":"Gary Regan, The Joy of Mixology (2003)","technique":"Fill a rocks glass with ice. Add Campari and sweet vermouth. Top with soda water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange peel twist.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":1,"name":"Campari","unit":"oz","rationale":"Campari provides the bitter backbone of the cocktail, offering complex herbal and citrus notes that stimulate the appetite."},{"amount":1,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"oz","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness and body, complementing the bitterness of Campari with its complex blend of herbs and spices."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":3,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"oz","rationale":"Soda water adds effervescence and dilutes the drink, reducing the overall intensity and creating a refreshing character."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Citrus","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Old Cuban",{"cocktail":{"name":"Old Cuban","description":"$15","historical_reference":"Gary Regan's 'The Joy of Mixology' (2003 edition, with later revisions). The Old Cuban cocktail was created in 2004 by Audrey Saunders at the Pegu Club in New York City.","technique":"Gently muddle mint leaves with simple syrup in a shaker. Add aged rum, lime juice, and Angostura bitters. Fill the shaker with ice and shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass. Top with sparkling wine. Garnish with a mint sprig (slapped gently to release aromas).","garnish":"Mint sprig (slapped gently to release aromas)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Aged Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aged rum provides the cocktail's foundation, contributing complex flavors of vanilla, oak, and spice that complement the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and enhance the rum's flavors, creating a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the tartness of the lime juice and complements the other ingredients, adding a touch of sweetness without overpowering the cocktail."},{"amount":6,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint contributes an aromatic, herbal note that freshens the cocktail and adds complexity to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters add depth and complexity, binding the various flavors together and adding a subtle spicy note that complements the rum."},{"amount":60,"name":"Sparkling Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sparkling wine introduces effervescence and a bright acidity that elevates the drink, adding celebratory touch."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Spicy","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Jazmin Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jazmin Sour","description":"The Jazmin Sour is a modern variation on the classic Gin Sour, distinguished by the addition of floral notes from elderflower liqueur and the incorporation of egg white for a smooth, velvety texture. The precise origin is difficult to pinpoint, as many bartenders have likely experimented with similar combinations. However, the defining characteristics remain a balance of gin, citrus, sweetness, and floral aromatics, typically incorporating elderflower liqueur such as St. Germain. The egg white is optional but contributes significantly to the drink's mouthfeel and appearance. This cocktail aims for a sophisticated flavor profile, appealing to those who enjoy floral, citrus-forward drinks with a creamy texture. Its relatively easy preparation makes it accessible for home mixologists and a delightful addition to any cocktail menu. The Jazmin Sour stands as a testament to the enduring appeal of the sour format and its adaptability to new and exciting flavor combinations.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker without ice. 2. Dry shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until chilled. 5. Double strain into a chilled coupe or sour glass. 6. Garnish with an edible flower petal or lemon twist.","garnish":"Edible flower petal or Lemon twist","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, forming the cocktail's foundation."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Elderflower liqueur introduces a distinctive floral aroma and a subtle sweetness that complements the gin and enhances the complexity of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":20,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white adds a silky smooth texture and frothy head to the cocktail, enhancing its overall mouthfeel and visual appeal. (Pasteurized recommended)"},{"amount":2,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Simple syrup provides the necessary sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice and the strength of the gin."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Fruity","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Mint Julep",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mint Julep","description":"$16","historical_reference":"\"The Mint Julep is not only a very old beverage, but a specifically American one.\" - Imbibe! by David Wondrich (2007)","technique":"1. Gently muddle mint leaves and simple syrup in a julep cup or sturdy rocks glass. Avoid over-muddling, which can release bitter compounds. 2. Fill the cup completely with crushed ice. 3. Add bourbon. 4. Gently stir until the cup is frosted. 5. Add more crushed ice to form a mound. 6. Garnish with a generous sprig of fresh mint. 7. Optionally, dust with powdered sugar.","garnish":"A generous sprig of fresh mint, lightly slapped to release its aroma. Optionally, dust with powdered sugar.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the base flavor, offering notes of vanilla, caramel, and oak which harmonize with the mint and sweetness."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":10,"name":"Fresh Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a cooling, herbal counterpoint to the bourbon's warmth, adding freshness and aromatic complexity."},{"amount":10,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the bourbon and mint, adding sweetness and improving the texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Sweet","Woody","Earthy","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Pimm's Cup",{"cocktail":{"name":"Pimm's Cup","description":"$17","historical_reference":"The original Pimm's Cup was created in the 1840s by James Pimm at his oyster bar in London. [Source: Difford's Guide to Cocktails]","technique":"Fill a highball glass or jug with ice. Add Pimm's No. 1. Top with lemonade. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with cucumber ribbons, orange slices, strawberry halves, and a sprig of mint.","garnish":"Cucumber ribbons, orange slices, strawberry halves, and a sprig of mint.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Pimm's No. 1","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pimm's No. 1 is a gin-based liqueur that serves as the primary alcoholic component, providing a complex botanical and subtly bitter foundation to the drink."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":150,"name":"Lemonade","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemonade adds sweetness, citrus notes, and effervescence, balancing the bitterness of the Pimm's and creating a light, refreshing drink."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cucumber","unit":"slices","rationale":"Cucumber adds a refreshing, cooling element that complements the herbal and botanical notes of the Pimm's, contributing to the drink's summery character."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange","unit":"slices","rationale":"Orange contributes a bright, citrusy aroma and flavor that enhances the overall complexity and freshness of the cocktail."},{"amount":2,"name":"Strawberry","unit":"halves","rationale":"Strawberry provides a touch of sweetness and fruity aroma, complementing the other fruit components and adding to the drink's summery appeal."},{"amount":5,"name":"Mint","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint adds a refreshing, aromatic lift that enhances the herbal complexity of the Pimm's and contributes to the drink's overall appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Spicy","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Chrysanthemum",{"cocktail":{"name":"Chrysanthemum","description":"$18","historical_reference":"First appears in \"The Savoy Cocktail Book\" by Harry Craddock, 1930","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add dry vermouth, Benedictine, and absinthe to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and then discard the peel.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and then discarded","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the primary aromatic base, contributing herbal and floral notes, while also providing a subtle bitterness and rounding out the overall flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes honeyed sweetness, herbal complexity, and a subtle spice, complementing the dry vermouth and adding depth to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a faint anise note and subtle bitterness, adding a layer of complexity that enhances the other ingredients without dominating the flavor."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Floral","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Ti' Punch",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ti' Punch","description":"Ti' Punch, meaning \"small punch\" in Creole, is the quintessential cocktail of the French Caribbean islands, particularly Martinique and Guadeloupe. It is not so much a recipe as a ritual, inviting improvisation and personal preference. The drink showcases the unique flavors of rhum agricole, a rum distilled directly from fresh sugarcane juice rather than molasses. Unlike many cocktails with strict recipes, the Ti' Punch is a 'chacun prepare sa propre mort,' or 'each prepares their own death,' a testament to its customizable nature. Traditionally, guests are presented with the ingredients and invited to mix their own drink to their liking. The process is a social act, a way to connect with others and appreciate the local culture. Ti' Punch is best enjoyed slowly, allowing the flavors to develop and the ice to melt slightly, tempering the drink's strength. It's a simple yet sophisticated cocktail that embodies the spirit of the islands.","historical_reference":"While precise origins are difficult to pinpoint, Ti' Punch emerged in the French Caribbean islands alongside the development of rhum agricole production during the 19th century. It reflects the local culture and the availability of fresh sugarcane juice, lime, and sugar. No specific verifiable document found, but historical context supports this narrative.","technique":"In an old-fashioned glass, gently muddle the lime wedge and cane syrup or brown sugar. Add the rhum agricole. Add one small ice cube (optional, but traditional) and stir briefly to combine, allowing the ice to chill and slightly dilute the drink. The drink is traditionally served without a strainer.","garnish":"Lime wheel or twist. Express the oils over the drink before placing it in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Rhum Agricole","unit":"ml","rationale":"The rhum agricole provides the base spirit, delivering grassy, vegetal notes characteristic of Martinique and other French Caribbean islands. Its high proof contributes to the cocktail's booziness."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Lime","unit":"wedge","rationale":"Lime provides acidity to balance the rhum and adds a refreshing citrus element. The expression of oils from the zest enhances the aromatic profile of the drink."},{"amount":1,"name":"Cane Syrup or Brown Sugar","unit":"barspoon","rationale":"Cane syrup or brown sugar adds a touch of sweetness to balance the acidity of the lime and the strength of the rhum. The specific type of sweetener influences the final flavor profile, with cane syrup providing a cleaner sweetness and brown sugar adding molasses notes."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Grassy","Citrus","Earthy","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":2}}}],["$","$Le","Blackthorn",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blackthorn","description":"$19","historical_reference":"A version of the recipe appears in Harry Johnson's 'Bartenders' Manual' (1882).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink, then drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Irish Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the cocktail's foundation with its characteristic malt and slight spice, offering a warm, robust base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a herbal and slightly bitter complexity, balancing the whiskey's warmth and adding a dry, sophisticated element to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle anise note to the drink's aroma and flavor, contributing a layer of complexity and a slightly bitter edge."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Balances the sweetness and adds a citrusy aroma, complementing the other ingredients and enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Bitter","Spicy","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Stinger",{"cocktail":{"name":"Stinger","description":"$1a","historical_reference":"First appears in print in Tom Bullock's 'The Ideal Bartender' in 1917. Bullock calls for brandy and white creme de menthe, shaken, strained and served straight up.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. In a mixing glass filled with ice, combine the cognac and crème de menthe. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Serve straight up.","garnish":"None, or a few mint leaves","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac provides the base flavor and alcoholic content, offering a rich, fruity, and complex character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"White Crème de Menthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de Menthe provides a strong mint flavor and sweetness, complementing the cognac and creating the signature refreshing character."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Mint","Herbal","Vanilla","Fruity","Chocolate"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":1,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Queen's Park Swizzle",{"cocktail":{"name":"Queen's Park Swizzle","description":"The Queen's Park Swizzle is a Trinidadian rum cocktail, a sophisticated and refreshing drink considered by many to be one of the finest rum cocktails ever created. It's named after the Queen's Park Hotel in Port of Spain, Trinidad, where it originated in the early 20th century. This drink is more than just a mix of ingredients; it's a carefully balanced symphony of sweet, sour, and herbal notes, delivered with an invigorating chill. The Swizzle technique is crucial, as it chills the drink rapidly while aerating it, resulting in a frosty and flavorful experience. The use of aged rum adds depth and complexity, distinguishing it from simpler rum cocktails. Fresh mint is muddled gently to release its aromatic oils without becoming bitter. A dash of Angostura bitters provides a spicy, aromatic counterpoint to the sweetness of the sugar and the tartness of the lime. The Queen's Park Swizzle represents the epitome of tropical elegance, and has become a standard by which many other rum cocktails are measured.","historical_reference":"$1b","technique":"1. Gently Muddle: In a highball glass, gently muddle the mint leaves with the simple syrup. Be careful not to over-muddle, as this can release bitter compounds. 2. Add Ingredients: Add the aged rum, lime juice, and Angostura bitters to the glass. 3. Fill with Crushed Ice: Fill the glass completely with crushed ice. 4. Swizzle: Insert a swizzle stick (or a long spoon) into the glass and swizzle vigorously, using a back-and-forth motion. The goal is to chill and aerate the drink simultaneously, creating a frosty effect. Continue swizzling until the glass is frosted on the outside. 5. Add More Ice: Add more crushed ice to form a cone above the rim of the glass. 6. Garnish: Garnish with a generous sprig of fresh mint. Optionally, dust the mint sprig with powdered sugar.","garnish":"Mint sprig, dusted with powdered sugar (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Aged Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"The aged rum provides the foundation of the cocktail, contributing complex flavors such as caramel, vanilla, and oak. Its high alcohol content also provides the cocktail's boozy backbone."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a tart, citrusy note. It is a vital component for the cocktail's overall flavor profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the acidity of the lime juice. The amount can be adjusted to personal preference."},{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint leaves contribute a fresh, herbal aroma and flavor. Muddled gently, they release their essential oils, enhancing the drink's overall profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters add a layer of aromatic complexity, contributing notes of spice and herbs that complement the other ingredients and enhance the depth of the flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Herbal","Citrus","Spicy","Woody","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Revelation",{"cocktail":{"name":"Revelation","description":"The Revelation cocktail is a sophisticated and balanced drink, designed to be a complex yet harmonious blend of flavors. Created with the intention of awakening the senses, this cocktail starts with a classic London Dry Gin providing a solid botanical backbone. A sweet and tart profile is achieved by combining the sweetness of maraschino liqueur and the acidity of lemon juice, further enhanced by a dash of simple syrup. The incorporation of absinthe is minimal, merely an accent, and should be applied carefully to avoid overpowering the other components. The Revelation cocktail seeks to deliver a refreshing and intriguing experience, balancing sweetness, tartness, and herbal notes in a refined manner. The result is a drink suitable as an aperitif or as a complement to light meals, offering a refreshing divergence from more common flavor profiles. The careful layering of components provides a layered tasting experience that develops with each sip, offering a unique and memorable imbibing encounter.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until properly chilled. Double strain into the chilled coupe glass. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and drop the twist into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin forms the foundation of the cocktail, providing the primary alcoholic strength and botanical character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur introduces a distinctive cherry sweetness and subtle almond notes that enhances the overall complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe provides a subtle anise note that adds a layer of complexity and aromatic intrigue to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds a vital component of acidity, balancing the sweetness of the liqueurs and simple syrup, creating a refreshing tanginess."},{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup provides a base level of sweetness to balance the tartness of the lemon juice."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Floral","Anise"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Singapore Sling",{"cocktail":{"name":"Singapore Sling","description":"$1c","historical_reference":"The Singapore Sling was created by bartender Ngiam Tong Boon at the Raffles Hotel in Singapore around 1915. - https://www.raffles.com/singapore/raffles-history/#:~:text=The%20Raffles%20Hotel%20Singapore%20is,by%20bartender%20Ngiam%20Tong%20Boon. [Accessed Oct 26, 2023]","technique":"1. Chill a sling glass or hurricane glass. 2. In a cocktail shaker, combine gin, cherry liqueur, Cointreau, Benedictine, pineapple juice, lime juice, and grenadine. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until the shaker is well-chilled. 5. Strain into the chilled glass filled with ice. 6. Top with a dash of Angostura bitters.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the foundational flavor profile with its botanical complexity, lending a dry and aromatic base."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Cherry Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and a distinctive cherry flavor, contributing to the cocktail's signature pink hue."},{"amount":8,"name":"Cointreau","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a citrusy orange note, enhancing the complexity and aroma of the drink."},{"amount":8,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brings herbal and honeyed undertones, adding depth and sophistication to the flavor profile."},{"amount":120,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the primary fruity component, providing a tropical sweetness and body to the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Balances the sweetness with acidity, adding a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Enhances the color and adds a touch of sweetness and pomegranate flavor."},{"amount":1,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Adds a layer of aromatic complexity and bitterness that balances the sweetness and enhances other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Cobra's Fang",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cobra's Fang","description":"The Cobra's Fang is a potent and complex tiki cocktail known for its layers of flavor and significant alcoholic kick. It's a drink that balances sweet, sour, and spicy elements, with a prominent rum presence enhanced by the herbal and citrus notes of the other ingredients. The Cobra's Fang is thought to have originated in the mid-20th century during the height of the tiki craze, though its exact provenance is debated. Many credit Don the Beachcomber or Trader Vic with creating variations of this multi-layered drink. It stands out due to its unique combination of rums, spices, and citrus, making it a favorite among tiki enthusiasts who appreciate bold flavors and complexity. Due to the strength and complexity of this beverage, it makes a great conversation starter, a sure way to impress your friends. It is often served in a large format, such as a punch bowl, to be shared among a group.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. 3. Strain into a large tiki mug or glass filled with ice. 4. Garnish with a mint sprig, an orange slice, and a cherry.","garnish":"Mint sprig, orange slice, and a cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides a deep, molasses-rich base with caramelized sugar notes, contributing to the cocktail's overall complexity and booziness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Passion Fruit Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Passion fruit syrup contributes a unique tropical flavor and sweetness, enhancing the exotic character of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Falernum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Falernum, with its spice notes of ginger, clove, and almond, adds depth and complexity to the tiki drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice adds a citrusy sweetness and a vibrant color to the drink, complementing the rum and other tropical flavors."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides acidity and balances the sweetness, creating a refreshing and tart counterpoint."},{"amount":1,"name":"Dash Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Angostura bitters add a layer of spice and complexity, enhancing the overall depth of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Sazerac",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sazerac","description":"The Sazerac is a New Orleans classic, considered by many to be the oldest known American cocktail. Its origins trace back to the mid-19th century, specifically to the Sazerac Coffee House in New Orleans. The drink was initially made with Sazerac-de-Forge et Fils cognac, but due to the phylloxera epidemic in Europe, rye whiskey became the prevalent base spirit. The Sazerac's unique flavor profile is derived from the combination of rye whiskey, absinthe (or a substitute such as Herbsaint), Peychaud's Bitters, a sugar cube, and a lemon peel. The ritual of rinsing the glass with absinthe before adding the other ingredients is crucial to the cocktail's character, imparting an anise aroma and flavor without overwhelming the other components. The Sazerac is more than just a cocktail; it represents a piece of New Orleans history and culture. It is a strong and complex drink with a balance of spice, bitterness, and sweetness.","historical_reference":"Stanley Clisby Arthur, 'Famous New Orleans Drinks and How to Mix 'em' (1937) details the Sazerac's origins and evolution.","technique":"Chill an Old Fashioned glass. In a separate mixing glass, muddle the sugar cube with the Peychaud's Bitters. Add the rye whiskey and ice. Stir well until chilled. Rinse the chilled Old Fashioned glass with the absinthe, coating the inside of the glass, then discard the excess. Strain the whiskey mixture into the absinthe-rinsed glass. Express the oil from the lemon peel over the glass and discard.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the glass and discarded. The oils add aroma and a hint of citrus without adding juice.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust base, contributing to the cocktail's overall strength and backbone, as well as its signature flavor profile, with its higher proof playing a significant role."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe, or a substitute like Herbsaint, is used to rinse the glass, providing a distinct anise aroma and flavor that complements the other ingredients without overpowering them."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar Cube","unit":"pc","rationale":"The sugar cube provides the necessary sweetness to balance the bitterness of the bitters and the spice of the rye, dissolving to integrate with the drink's other flavors."},{"amount":3,"name":"Peychaud's Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Peychaud's Bitters contribute a floral, slightly sweet bitterness that is characteristic of the Sazerac, enhancing the overall complexity and aroma."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Spicy","Bitter","Citrus","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Gimlet",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gimlet","description":"The Gimlet is a classic cocktail with a debated history, often associated with naval origins. One theory suggests it was named after Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas Gimlette, a Royal Navy surgeon who supposedly added lime juice to the gin of his crew to combat scurvy. This addition of lime, rich in Vitamin C, would have indeed helped prevent the deficiency. While this theory is popular, concrete evidence remains elusive. Another possibility points to a tool called a 'gimlet,' used to bore holes into barrels, suggesting a link to the cocktail's potent and piercing nature. The original Gimlet likely used lime cordial, such as Rose's, for both sweetness and citrus flavor. Over time, preferences shifted toward fresh lime juice and simple syrup or sugar, offering a brighter and more balanced profile. Today, the Gimlet is appreciated for its simplicity, clean taste, and refreshing qualities. It represents a harmonious blend of spirit and citrus, making it a timeless choice for cocktail enthusiasts.","historical_reference":"While a concrete original source is not verifiable, drink historian David Wondrich suggests the Gimlet's creation aligns with the British Navy's practice of issuing lime juice to sailors to combat scurvy in the mid-19th century. Source: Imbibe! by David Wondrich","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine gin, lime juice, and simple syrup in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with a lime wheel or wedge, if desired.","garnish":"Lime wheel or lime wedge (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic strength and botanical complexity, creating the characteristic aromatic foundation of the Gimlet."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice delivers the essential sour component, contributing acidity and bright citrus notes that balance the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup provides sweetness to counter the lime juice's sourness, ensuring a palatable and well-rounded drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Rabo-de-galo",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rabo-de-galo","description":"$1d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cachaça and sweet vermouth in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and optionally drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and optionally placed in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the spirituous base, offering a complex flavor profile of grassy, vegetal, and fruity notes, characteristic of Brazilian sugarcane spirit. It forms the backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":50,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth introduces sweetness, herbal notes, and a rich, slightly bitter undertone, balancing the cachaça's strength. It adds depth and complexity to the cocktail, creating a harmonious blend of flavors."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Bitter","Fruity","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Brut",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brut","description":"The Brut cocktail is a simple yet elegant drink that highlights the dryness of sparkling wine, typically Brut Champagne or a similar dry sparkling wine. It is characterized by its crisp, refreshing taste, making it an ideal aperitif or celebratory beverage. The drink's history is somewhat intertwined with the broader history of Champagne cocktails, which gained popularity in the 19th century. While not as elaborate as some of its contemporaries, the Brut cocktail stands out for its minimalist approach, focusing on the quality of its core ingredients to deliver a sophisticated and balanced drinking experience. Its simplicity allows the effervescence and flavor nuances of the sparkling wine to shine through, offering a clean and invigorating palate. The addition of gin adds a layer of botanical complexity that elevates the drink beyond a simple glass of sparkling wine. The Brut cocktail represents a classic example of how a few well-chosen ingredients can create a memorable and enjoyable drink.","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide. (n.d.). Brut Cocktail. Retrieved from [https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/252/brut-cocktail](https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/252/brut-cocktail)","technique":"Chill a coupe or champagne flute. Add gin and simple syrup to the glass. Top with chilled Brut Champagne. Gently express the oils of a lemon twist over the drink and drop it into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist; expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary flavor profile and alcoholic backbone. London Dry Gin is preferred for its dryness and botanical complexity, which complements the sparkling wine."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a touch of sweetness to balance the dryness of the sparkling wine and gin. The small amount ensures that the drink remains predominantly dry."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Brut Champagne","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the effervescence, dryness, and characteristic flavor notes of apple and citrus. It forms the bulk of the drink and defines its overall character."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Dry","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":2}}}],["$","$Le","Whiskey Smash",{"cocktail":{"name":"Whiskey Smash","description":"$1e","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. In a shaker, gently muddle the mint leaves, lemon wedges, and simple syrup. Avoid over-muddling the mint, which can make it bitter. 2. Add the bourbon to the shaker. 3. Fill the shaker with ice. 4. Shake well until chilled. 5. Double strain into an Old Fashioned glass filled with crushed ice. 6. Garnish with a fresh mint sprig and a citrus wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and a citrus wedge or wheel (e.g., lemon, orange)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the primary alcoholic base and characteristic oak and vanilla flavors, forming the backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a refreshing, aromatic element that complements the whiskey and brightens the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the tartness of the citrus and adds necessary sweetness for a harmonious blend."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Wedges","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon adds a tart, citrusy element that balances the sweetness and enhances the overall brightness of the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Woody","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Corpse Reviver #2",{"cocktail":{"name":"Corpse Reviver #2","description":"The Corpse Reviver #2 is a classic cocktail known for its bright, citrusy, and slightly bitter flavor profile, designed as a 'hair of the dog' remedy. Created in the late 19th or early 20th century, it gained popularity during the pre-Prohibition era and was listed in Harry Craddock's Savoy Cocktail Book (1930). The combination of gin, lemon juice, orange liqueur, Lillet Blanc, and absinthe creates a complex and refreshing drink. The gin provides the base spirit, while lemon juice adds tartness, orange liqueur contributes sweetness and citrus notes, Lillet Blanc offers subtle floral and herbal undertones, and absinthe provides a hint of anise and complexity. It's a well-balanced cocktail intended to revive the drinker and is best served ice-cold. The Corpse Reviver family of cocktails includes several variations, but the #2 is the most famous and widely enjoyed.","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock, Savoy Cocktail Book (1930)","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and then drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity with its juniper and other botanicals."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, adds a sweet citrus note and complexity to the cocktail."},{"amount":22,"name":"Lillet Blanc","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc provides a subtle floral and herbal complexity, acting as a bridge between the gin and other ingredients."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe adds a potent anise flavor and aromatic complexity, creating a unique and noticeable note. A little goes a long way."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides a crucial sour element, balancing the sweetness and other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Floral","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Martini","description":"$1f","historical_reference":"One of the earliest mentions can be found in Harry Johnson's 'Bartenders' Manual' (1882), though the recipe has evolved since then.","technique":"Chill a Martini glass. In a mixing glass filled with ice, combine gin and dry vermouth. Stir gently until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with an olive or lemon twist.","garnish":"Olive (Spanish or Castelvetrano) or Lemon twist, expressed","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary flavor profile, contributing botanical complexity and a dry character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":10,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth complements the gin by adding subtle herbal and floral notes while softening the spirit's harshness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":1}}}],["$","$Le","Ramos Gin Fizz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ramos Gin Fizz","description":"$20","historical_reference":"The cocktail was invented in 1888 by Henry C. Ramos at his bar, the Imperial Cabinet Saloon, in New Orleans. (Source: David Wondrich, Imbibe!)","technique":"1. Chill a Collins glass. 2. In a shaker, combine gin, heavy cream, lemon juice, lime juice, egg white, orange flower water, and sugar. 3. Dry shake (without ice) vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 4. Add ice to the shaker and shake again vigorously for at least 1 minute, or until the shaker is very cold. 5. Strain the mixture into the chilled Collins glass. 6. Slowly top with soda water to create a frothy head, pouring in a thin stream. 7. Allow the foam to rise above the rim of the glass. 8. Optional spritz of orange flower water on top. 9. Garnish.","garnish":"Orange blossom water spritz and floated edible flowers such as pansies or violets","allergens":["dairy","egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing juniper, citrus, and herbal notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":3,"name":"Orange Flower Water","unit":"drops","rationale":"Orange flower water adds a delicate floral aroma and flavor, characteristic of the Ramos Gin Fizz. A small amount is sufficient."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Heavy Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Heavy cream provides richness and contributes to the creamy texture of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds acidity and brightness, balancing the sweetness and creaminess of the other ingredients."},{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice complements the lemon juice, adding further complexity and tartness to the citrus profile."},{"amount":1,"name":"Egg White","unit":"pc","rationale":"Egg white emulsifies during shaking, creating a frothy texture and smooth mouthfeel. Use pasteurized egg whites to reduce risk."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds effervescence and lightens the body of the drink."},{"amount":2,"name":"Sugar","unit":"tsp","rationale":"Sugar enhances the sweetening components and ensures the drink's balanced sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Creamy","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":9,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","The Blenheim",{"cocktail":{"name":"The Blenheim","description":"The Blenheim is a classic gin-based cocktail known for its refreshing and subtly complex flavor profile. It offers a delightful balance of dryness, sweetness, and herbal notes, making it a sophisticated choice for any occasion. Its exact origins are somewhat obscure, though it likely emerged in the early to mid-20th century during the golden age of cocktails. The Blenheim stands out because it showcases gin's versatility, contrasting the spirit with the sweetness of vermouth and the bitter-orange notes of orange curaçao. The addition of orange bitters further enhances the citrus character. The technique is simple, involving stirring the ingredients with ice to chill and dilute, resulting in a smooth, balanced drink. This combination of flavors and its easy preparation have kept The Blenheim a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts. Despite its relative obscurity compared to drinks like the Martini or Manhattan, The Blenheim offers a unique and rewarding drinking experience.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink and then placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin forms the primary alcoholic backbone, lending its botanical complexity and dry profile to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange curaçao introduces a sweet orange flavor and a subtle hint of bitterness, complementing the gin and bitters."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth contributes a subtle herbal dryness and enhances the complexity of the gin, softening its sharp edges."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters amplify the citrus notes, adding depth and aromatic complexity while balancing the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Lion's Tail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lion's Tail","description":"The Lion's Tail is a pre-Prohibition cocktail that balances bourbon's richness with spicy pimento dram, sour lime, and aromatic bitters. It's a complex yet harmonious drink that showcases a delightful interplay of flavors. While its exact origins are hazy, it gained prominence in the early 20th century, appearing in cocktail books like David Embury's 'The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks'. The name evokes a sense of sophistication and intrigue, hinting at the cocktail's bold and spirited character. This cocktail is a testament to the creative spirit of mixology, demonstrating how seemingly disparate ingredients can come together to create something truly special. Its enduring popularity speaks to its well-balanced flavor profile and unique character. The Lion's Tail is a perfect example of a classic cocktail that continues to delight modern palates.","historical_reference":"David Embury, *The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks* (1948).","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass.","garnish":"Lime wheel or lime twist. Express oils over the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the foundational warmth, oaky notes, and backbone of the cocktail. Its inherent sweetness balances the sour and spicy elements."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Pimento Dram","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pimento dram infuses the cocktail with a distinctive blend of warm spice notes – allspice, cinnamon, clove – adding a unique Caribbean character."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the bourbon and pimento dram, adding a refreshing citrusy zest."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters contribute aromatic complexity, adding layers of spice and depth to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"balances the lime and the pimento dram"}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Spicy","Herbal","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Horsefeather",{"cocktail":{"name":"Horsefeather","description":"$21","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine rye whiskey, lime juice, and Angostura bitters in a highball glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge. Optionally add a piece of candied ginger.","garnish":"Lime wedge, optionally candied ginger","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides the base spirit, offering spicy and robust notes. It is essential for the drink's structure and boozy backbone."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice contributes essential sourness and brightness to balance the spiciness and sweetness, adding a citrusy layer. It brightens up the drink and makes it more refreshing."},{"amount":120,"name":"Ginger Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Ginger beer provides the main source of sweetness and a spicy, effervescent element that defines the drink. It adds bubbles and a distinct ginger flavor."},{"amount":2,"name":"Dash Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Bitters add complexity and depth to the drink, enhancing the other flavors with their aromatic qualities. They round out the flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Citrus","Herbal","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":5,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Dry Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Dry Martini","description":"$22","historical_reference":"Robert Vermeire's 'Cocktails: How to Mix Them' (1922) mentions several Martini variations, reflecting the drink's evolving form.","technique":"1. Chill a Martini glass. 2. In a mixing glass filled with ice, combine gin and dry vermouth. 3. Stir gently for 20-30 seconds until well-chilled. 4. Strain into the chilled Martini glass. 5. Garnish with olives or a lemon twist.","garnish":"Olives (Spanish or Cocktail) or Lemon Twist, depending on preference. For olives, use 1-3 skewered. For lemon twist, express oils over drink and drop in or discard.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":75,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical complexity and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, its juniper notes defining the Martini's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth adds a subtle layer of herbal and floral notes, complementing the gin and providing a necessary counterpoint to its dryness."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":1,"sweetness":1}}}],["$","$Le","Bramble",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bramble","description":"The Bramble, created in 1980s London by Dick Bradsell at Fred's Club, is a modern classic celebrated for its balance of sweet, sour, and herbaceous notes. Bradsell's inspiration stemmed from his childhood memories of foraging for blackberries on the Isle of Wight. The cocktail uses dry gin as its base, brightened with fresh lemon juice and sweetened with simple syrup. The crowning touch is a drizzle of crème de mûre (blackberry liqueur), which cascades through the drink, resembling brambles in a thorny bush. The Bramble is a versatile drink, easily adaptable to different gins and fruit liqueurs. Its enduring popularity lies in its simplicity and the way it showcases the interplay between the spirit, citrus, and fruit. It is typically served over crushed ice, which further dilutes the drink and enhances its refreshing qualities, making it an ideal choice for warmer weather or as an aperitif.","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide states that Dick Bradsell created the Bramble in London in the 1980s.","technique":"Fill an Old Fashioned glass with crushed ice. Add the gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Stir gently to combine. Drizzle the Crème de Mûre over the top of the crushed ice, allowing it to cascade down. Garnish with fresh blackberries and a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Fresh blackberries and a lemon wedge.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical complexity and alcoholic backbone, crucial for balancing the sweet and sour elements."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Crème de Mûre","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de Mûre infuses the cocktail with intense blackberry flavor, adds depth of color and complexity, and sweetens."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness, creating a refreshing and zesty counterpoint."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness, harmonizing the sourness of the lemon juice and complementing the fruit liqueur."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Tom Collins",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tom Collins","description":"The Tom Collins is a classic gin-based cocktail that embodies refreshment and balance. Its origins are somewhat murky, with several stories vying for its creation. One popular narrative traces the drink back to a London head waiter named John Collins, working in the 1820s at Limmer's Hotel. It's said that he crafted a refreshing gin punch that became a favorite among patrons and was later named after him. Another anecdote attributes the drink's creation to a bartender of the same name, who worked at a hotel in New York in the 1870s. Whatever its true origins, the Tom Collins gained immense popularity in the late 19th century and has remained a beloved classic ever since. The drink became incredibly popular in 1874 when it was mentioned in a hoax that spread across New York, blaming a 'Tom Collins' for spreading malicious rumours.","historical_reference":"The earliest recipes for a 'John Collins' appeared in the 1869 Steward and Barkeeper's Manual by Harry Johnson. The use of Old Tom Gin became standard, leading to the name 'Tom Collins'. (1869)","technique":"In a Collins glass filled with ice, combine gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Stir well to combine. Top with club soda. Gently stir again to incorporate the soda. Garnish with a lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical flavors and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice contributes acidity, brightness, and a tangy counterpoint to the gin and sugar."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness and balances the tartness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":100,"name":"Club Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Club soda provides effervescence and dilutes the mixture, creating a refreshing, light, and bubbly drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Wolfram",{"cocktail":{"name":"Wolfram","description":"$23","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled, about 20 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and drop it in.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey forms the backbone of the drink, providing a spicy and robust character that complements the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Cherry Heering","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cherry Heering provides a rich, cherry-forward sweetness that complements the rye whiskey and adds a luxurious depth to the drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Benedictine introduces a complex herbal and honeyed sweetness that ties all the flavors together, adding a sophisticated and intriguing layer."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds a necessary tartness that balances the sweetness and cuts through the richness of the other ingredients, enhancing the overall drink's brightness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters adds a layer of aromatic complexity and a subtle bitterness that enhances the depth of the flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Monkey Gland",{"cocktail":{"name":"Monkey Gland","description":"$24","historical_reference":"Harry MacElhone, Harry's ABC of Mixing Cocktails (1919) - Variations appear in later editions of the book through the 1930s. The cocktail is named after Serge Voronoff's rejuvenation therapy from the early 1900s. Voronoff grafted monkey testicle tissue onto men to increase libido and vitality - as a treatment for aging.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed and dropped in","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing a dry and aromatic profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe contributes a subtle anise aroma and a touch of bitterness, adding complexity and depth to the overall flavor."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine lends a sweet and slightly tart flavor, contributing to the cocktail's vibrant red color and balancing the other ingredients."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice provides essential acidity and a citrusy sweetness to balance the gin and grenadine."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Red Snapper",{"cocktail":{"name":"Red Snapper","description":"The Red Snapper is essentially a Bloody Mary made with gin instead of vodka. Fernand Petiot, a bartender at the St. Regis Hotel in New York, is often credited with inventing both the Bloody Mary and the Red Snapper in the 1930s. However, similar tomato juice-based cocktails existed before this time. The name \"Red Snapper\" was allegedly given because the hotel's bar was called King Cole Bar, and it was thought that guests might be hesitant to order a drink called \"Bloody Mary.\" The cocktail gained popularity for its savory and spicy flavor profile, offering a brunch-friendly alternative to sweeter cocktails. Over time, bartenders have refined the recipe, experimenting with different spices, hot sauces, and garnishes to create unique variations, but the core of gin, tomato juice, and spices remains the same. It is a popular morning cocktail, often enjoyed as a hangover cure or with brunch. It has become a classic cocktail because of its unique savory flavour and its easily modifiable base ingredients.","historical_reference":"$25","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Roll (or gently stir) to combine. Strain into an ice-filled highball glass. Garnish.","garnish":"Celery stalk, lemon wedge, and/or olives. Can also use a spiced rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the base spirit with its botanical complexity, defining the cocktail's overall character and aroma."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Tomato Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tomato juice forms the body of the drink, delivering the signature savory flavor and a rich, full texture."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides acidity, balancing the richness of the tomato juice and enhancing the overall brightness of the cocktail."},{"amount":2,"name":"Dashes Worcestershire Sauce","unit":"dash","rationale":"Worcestershire sauce adds depth and umami, contributing savory and slightly tangy notes to the flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Dashes Tabasco Sauce","unit":"dash","rationale":"Tabasco sauce introduces heat and spice, creating a fiery kick that complements the savory elements."},{"amount":1,"name":"Pinch Celery Salt","unit":"pinch","rationale":"Celery salt enhances the savory character and adds a subtle vegetal note that ties into the tomato juice."},{"amount":1,"name":"Pinch Black Pepper","unit":"pinch","rationale":"Black pepper contributes a subtle spiciness and a touch of earthy complexity to the drink's overall flavour."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Savory","Spicy","Umami","Herbal","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Queen's Cocktail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Queen's Cocktail","description":"The Queen's cocktail is a classic variation on the Martini, offering a sweeter and fruitier profile compared to its drier counterpart. It typically features gin as its base, complemented by equal parts dry vermouth and sweet vermouth, and a dash of orange bitters. The combination of both dry and sweet vermouths creates a balanced complexity, bridging the gap between the crispness of a classic Martini and the richer notes of a Manhattan. The orange bitters add a subtle citrus aroma and flavor, enhancing the overall experience. The Queen's Cocktail, while not as widely known as some other classics, is appreciated for its smooth and harmonious blend of flavors. Some variations include a lemon twist rather than an orange twist, altering the citrus notes.","historical_reference":"While exact origin is not definitively documented, it's likely a product of early 20th century cocktail evolution, appearing in various forms in period bar guides. Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine gin, dry vermouth, sweet vermouth, and orange bitters in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange twist over the drink and drop it in.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary botanical and alcoholic base, contributing juniper and other complex flavors that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry Vermouth contributes subtle herbal and floral notes, adding complexity and dryness to balance the sweetness of the Sweet Vermouth and the botanical intensity of the gin."},{"amount":15,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet Vermouth adds a rich sweetness and aromatic spice notes, complementing the gin and providing a smoother, more rounded profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Bitters enhance the citrus profile, adding a layer of complexity and aromatic lift that balances the other ingredients."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Citrus","Bittersweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Scofflaw",{"cocktail":{"name":"Scofflaw","description":"The Scofflaw is a Prohibition-era cocktail that emerged as a defiant gesture against those who abstained from alcohol. The term 'scofflaw' was coined in 1924 to describe someone who flouted Prohibition laws, and this cocktail was likely created around the same time to satirize those who obeyed them. The drink gained popularity through its promotion by Parisian bartenders who aimed to appeal to American tourists seeking a taste of rebellion. Its blend of rye whiskey, dry vermouth, lemon juice, grenadine, and orange bitters creates a balance of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors, making it a complex and intriguing drink that has endured through the years. The Scofflaw embodies the rebellious spirit of the Roaring Twenties and remains a popular choice for those seeking a classic cocktail with a historical edge. The drink's enduring appeal lies in its ability to deliver a sophisticated and flavorful experience, reminding us of a time when enjoying a cocktail was an act of defiance.","historical_reference":"The earliest mention appears to be in the January 1924 issue of 'Liberty' magazine, where it was promoted as 'The Scofflaw Cocktail'.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye provides a spicy and robust foundation, giving the cocktail its characteristic bite and backbone."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth adds a herbaceous and slightly bitter note, complementing the rye whiskey and contributing to the cocktail's overall balance."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and bring brightness to the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine adds sweetness, a touch of tartness, and a vibrant red hue, enhancing the visual appeal and flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters contribute a layer of aromatic complexity, enhancing the other flavors and adding a subtle bitterness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Spicy","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Mojito",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mojito","description":"The Mojito, a classic Cuban cocktail, is a refreshing blend of white rum, mint, lime juice, sugar, and soda water. Its exact origins are somewhat murky, but it's widely believed to have evolved from earlier medicinal drinks in Cuba. One common story suggests it originated with Sir Francis Drake, who supposedly created a similar drink called 'El Draque' using a crude form of rum, mint, lime, and sugar. Over time, El Draque evolved into the Mojito we know today, with the substitution of aguardiente with rum and the addition of soda water. The Mojito gained international popularity thanks to Ernest Hemingway, who frequented La Bodeguita del Medio in Havana and famously praised the bar's Mojitos. The cocktail's balance of sweetness, acidity, and herbal notes makes it an ideal choice for warm weather and casual gatherings. Modern variations often include different fruits or flavored syrups, but the classic Mojito remains a timeless favorite.","historical_reference":"While difficult to pinpoint a single source, David Wondrich's 'Imbibe!' provides extensive historical context on the evolution of rum drinks in Cuba, leading to the Mojito's development. (Published 2007)","technique":"1. Gently muddle the mint leaves with sugar in a sturdy glass. Avoid over-muddling, which can make the mint bitter. 2. Add lime juice and rum to the glass. 3. Fill the glass with ice. 4. Top with soda water. 5. Gently stir to combine. 6. Garnish with a mint sprig and lime wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic base, contributing a light body and subtle sweetness."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":12,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"Leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a refreshing, herbal aroma and flavor that complements the other ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice adds essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and providing a zesty flavor."},{"amount":2,"name":"Sugar","unit":"tsp","rationale":"Sugar sweetens the cocktail and helps to muddle the mint, releasing its aromatic oils."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds effervescence, diluting the drink and creating a refreshing, lighter body."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Gin Fizz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gin Fizz","description":"The Gin Fizz is a classic cocktail known for its refreshing and effervescent character. Its origins can be traced back to the 19th century, gaining popularity during the pre-Prohibition era. The cocktail's simplicity and balance of flavors have made it a long-standing favorite. It is essentially a sour (spirit, citrus, sweetener) lengthened with carbonated water. Many variations exist including the Ramos Gin Fizz (with cream and egg white), the Silver Fizz (with egg white), the Golden Fizz (with egg yolk), and the Royal Fizz (with whole egg). The Gin Fizz represents a versatile base for experimentation, allowing for the incorporation of various fruits, herbs, and spices to create unique flavor profiles. Its effervescence makes it a refreshing choice for warm weather or as an aperitif.","historical_reference":"David Embury, The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks (1948)","technique":"1. Chill a highball glass. 2. In a shaker, combine gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until chilled. 5. Strain into the chilled highball glass filled with ice. 6. Top with soda water. 7. Gently stir to combine. 8. Garnish with a lemon wheel or wedge.","garnish":"Lemon wheel or wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, defining the cocktail's character with its juniper and other botanical infusions."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice contributes essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and providing a vibrant citrus note."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the tartness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":90,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water introduces effervescence and dilutes the mixture, making the cocktail refreshing and lighter."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Grassy","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Gibson",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gibson","description":"The Gibson is a classic cocktail that is essentially a Martini garnished with a pickled onion instead of an olive or lemon twist. Its origin is somewhat debated, with several colorful stories surrounding its creation. One popular theory suggests that it was invented at the Players Club in New York City for a businessman named Walter D. K. Gibson, who requested it to avoid being tempted by other cocktails. Another account attributes it to Charles Dana Gibson, the creator of the 'Gibson Girl' illustrations, who supposedly believed that onions had health benefits. Regardless of its true origin, the Gibson gained popularity in the early 20th century and remains a sophisticated and simple cocktail appreciated for its savory character. The pickled onion imparts a distinctive briny and slightly sweet flavor that complements the dryness of the gin, making it a delightful alternative to the classic Martini.","historical_reference":"David Embury, *The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks* (1948) includes a recipe for the Gibson, solidifying its mid-20th century prominence.","technique":"Stir gin and dry vermouth with ice in a mixing glass until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.","garnish":"Pickled onion, skewered or placed directly in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary flavor profile, contributing juniper, botanical complexity, and alcoholic strength."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth adds subtle herbal and floral notes, softening the gin's intensity and providing a counterpoint to its dryness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Salty","Savory","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":1}}}],["$","$Le","Diamondback",{"cocktail":{"name":"Diamondback","description":"The Diamondback is a classic cocktail with a somewhat mysterious past, named after the Diamondback Lounge at the Lord Baltimore Hotel in Baltimore, Maryland. While the hotel and the lounge are no longer in operation, the cocktail remains a testament to a time when stirred, spirit-forward drinks reigned supreme. Its precise origins are debated, but it gained prominence in cocktail books during the mid-20th century. The Diamondback showcases the interplay between rye whiskey and the contrasting flavors of apple brandy and yellow Chartreuse. The rye brings spice and depth, while the apple brandy contributes fruity and slightly tart notes. Yellow Chartreuse softens the edges with herbal sweetness, creating a nuanced and complex drink. It's a relatively dry cocktail, making it an excellent choice for those who appreciate the boldness of rye without excessive sweetness. The Diamondback is a sophisticated drink suitable for seasoned cocktail enthusiasts.","historical_reference":"Gary Regan's 'The Joy of Mixology' mentions it. Dale DeGroff attributes it to the Lord Baltimore Hotel.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and discard the peel (optional).","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed and discarded (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the robust, spicy backbone, offering a complex grain-forward profile with notes of pepper and oak to the cocktail's structure."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apple Brandy (Calvados)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a fruity, slightly tart dimension, complementing the rye's spiciness with notes of apple and pear to create a balanced taste."},{"amount":30,"name":"Yellow Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a complex herbal sweetness, softening the intensity of the rye and apple brandy while contributing subtle floral and spiced notes for depth."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Fruity","Spicy","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Savoy Corpse Reviver No. 2",{"cocktail":{"name":"Savoy Corpse Reviver No. 2","description":"The Corpse Reviver No. 2 is a classic cocktail created by Harry Craddock at The Savoy Hotel in London. As its name suggests, it was intended as a 'hair of the dog' remedy for hangovers. The equal parts mix of gin, lemon juice, Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano), Cointreau, and a dash of absinthe creates a complex interplay of flavors. The gin provides a botanical base, while the lemon juice adds a refreshing sourness. Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano) contributes floral and subtly bitter notes, and Cointreau brings a touch of orange sweetness. The absinthe, used sparingly, introduces a layer of herbal complexity. This cocktail is known for its potent yet balanced flavor profile, and should be consumed in moderation, lest it require reviving itself!","historical_reference":"First documented in Harry Craddock's Savoy Cocktail Book (1930).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange zest, expressed over the drink and discarded.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone, its botanical complexity setting the stage for the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc (or Cocchi Americano) contributes body, floral notes, and a touch of bitterness, enhancing the complexity and balance."},{"amount":22,"name":"Cointreau","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cointreau provides an orange flavor and sweetness, complementing the lemon juice and adding to the overall fruitiness."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice delivers acidity, which balances the sweetness and cuts through the richness of the liqueurs and spirits."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"dash","rationale":"Absinthe adds a subtle anise note and aromatic complexity, influencing the cocktail's overall aroma and taste."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Floral","Bitter","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Angel Face",{"cocktail":{"name":"Angel Face","description":"$26","historical_reference":"First appeared in print in Robert Vermeire's 'Cocktails: How to Mix Them' (1922).","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass. 2. Add all ingredients to a shaker filled with ice. 3. Shake well until well-chilled. 4. Double strain into the chilled glass. 5. Garnish (optional).","garnish":"Apple slice or brandied cherry (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":20,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary botanical backbone and a dry, juniper-forward base."},{"amount":20,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds warmth, fruit notes, and complexity to the spirit base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, apricot fruit notes, and a subtle almond-like flavor."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Floral","Herbal","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Nixon",{"cocktail":{"name":"Nixon","description":"The Nixon cocktail, while not as widely known as other classics, is a robust and flavorful concoction designed for those who appreciate a spirit-forward drink with a touch of sweetness and spice. Its origins are somewhat obscure, lacking a definitive historical record, but it embodies the early to mid-20th century trend of complex cocktails that balanced strong base spirits with complementing liqueurs and bitters. The goal of the Nixon is to create a harmonious blend where the richness of dark rum is amplified by the herbal notes of the vermouth and the subtle sweetness of the maraschino liqueur. The bitters add a layer of complexity, providing a bitter counterpoint that prevents the drink from becoming overly sweet. It's a cocktail that rewards slow sipping, revealing its layers of flavor as it evolves in the glass. The Nixon stands as a testament to the creativity and experimentation that characterized the golden age of cocktails, offering a delightful experience for the discerning palate.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides a rich, molasses-driven base, contributing depth and complexity to the cocktail's profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur contributes a subtle cherry sweetness and almond-like notes, rounding out the cocktail's flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth introduces herbal and slightly bitter notes, balancing the rum's sweetness and adding aromatic complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters provide a spicy and bitter counterpoint, enhancing the overall flavor profile and adding depth."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Averna Spritz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Averna Spritz","description":"$27","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a wine glass with ice. Add Amaro Averna. Top with Prosecco, then soda water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange slice.","garnish":"Orange slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":90,"name":"Amaro Averna","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the signature bittersweet flavor profile with notes of caramel, herbs, and citrus."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and a slightly sweet, fruity note to balance the bitterness of the Averna."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lengthens the drink and adds extra fizz, diluting the intensity and making it more refreshing."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Citrus","Herbal","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Trinidad Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Trinidad Sour","description":"The Trinidad Sour is a modern classic cocktail created by Giuseppe Gonzalez in New York City. Its unusual recipe features a large quantity of Angostura bitters as its base spirit, balanced by orgeat syrup, lemon juice, and rye whiskey. The cocktail challenges perceptions of bitters and showcases their complex flavor profile beyond just a supporting role. The Trinidad Sour's unique composition and bold flavor have made it a popular and influential drink in contemporary cocktail culture. It is a testament to innovative mixology, demonstrating how unconventional ingredient ratios can create a surprisingly balanced and delicious drink. The cocktail's vibrant red color and aromatic complexity further contribute to its appeal, making it a memorable and intriguing experience for cocktail enthusiasts. Its impact has inspired many bartenders to experiment with bitters and explore their versatility in cocktail creation, making it a significant contribution to modern mixology.","historical_reference":"Attributed to Giuseppe Gonzalez, a bartender in New York City, around 2010. Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake vigorously until well-chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Garnish with a mint sprig and a few extra dashes of Angostura bitters on top.","garnish":"Mint sprig and 2-3 dashes of Angostura bitters on top of the foam.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Angostura bitters function as the primary base spirit, providing the foundational bitter and spicy notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Orgeat Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orgeat syrup contributes sweetness and a nutty almond flavor that complements the Angostura bitters and adds depth to the overall taste profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey adds a spicy and robust alcoholic backbone, providing additional complexity and balancing the intensity of the bitters."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and bitterness, creating a sour element that is essential to the cocktail's structure."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Spicy","Citrus","Nutty","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Hanky Panky",{"cocktail":{"name":"Hanky Panky","description":"$28","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock, *The Savoy Cocktail Book* (1930).","technique":"Chill a cocktail glass. Combine gin and sweet vermouth in a mixing glass filled with ice. Add Fernet-Branca. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled cocktail glass. Express the oils from an orange zest over the drink and drop into the glass.","garnish":"Orange zest, expressed over the drink and then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary flavor base, with its botanical notes creating a complex foundation for the drink. The higher proof contributes to the cocktail's overall strength and structure."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet Vermouth adds sweetness, body, and complexity with its spice and botanical elements, complementing the gin's botanicals and softening its sharp edges."},{"amount":2,"name":"Fernet-Branca","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fernet-Branca introduces intense bitterness and herbal complexity, adding depth and a distinctive medicinal quality that balances the sweetness and enhances the overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Citrus","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Delilah",{"cocktail":{"name":"Delilah","description":"$29","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled coupe glass. Garnish with a lemon twist or a brandied cherry.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim, or a brandied cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical foundation of the cocktail, offering a complex flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot liqueur introduces fruity sweetness and a subtle almond note, complementing the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lillet Blanc","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc provides a subtle floral and honeyed note, contributing to the cocktail's complexity and aromatic profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds acidity and brightness, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Floradora",{"cocktail":{"name":"Floradora","description":"$2a","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide. 'Floradora cocktail'. Accessed 2024-01-05.","technique":"In a shaker with ice, combine the gin, lime juice, and raspberry syrup. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a tall glass filled with ice. Top with ginger ale. Garnish with a lime wedge and a few raspberries.","garnish":"Lime wedge and raspberry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity to the cocktail, setting the stage for the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice adds a crucial element of acidity to balance the sweetness and enhance the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Raspberry Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Raspberry syrup introduces sweetness and a distinct berry flavor, complementing the gin and lime while adding a vibrant color."},{"amount":90,"name":"Ginger Ale","unit":"ml","rationale":"Ginger ale provides effervescence and a subtle spicy-sweet background, diluting the stronger flavors and adding a refreshing quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Revolving Door",{"cocktail":{"name":"Revolving Door","description":"The Revolving Door cocktail is a bold and spirit-forward drink designed to showcase the robust flavors of rye whiskey. It's a modern twist on classic whiskey cocktails, emphasizing balance and complexity. The name suggests the ever-changing or revolving flavors that dance on the palate as you savor each sip. A combination of sweet, bitter, and spicy notes intertwined to create a smooth and satisfying experience. The Revolving Door stands out due to its careful balancing of the inherent spiciness of rye with the subtle sweetness of the liqueur and the aromatic bitterness of the bitters. This creates a cocktail that is both assertive and approachable, perfect for those who appreciate the nuances of fine spirits. It is best enjoyed slowly, allowing the flavors to evolve and reveal themselves over time. The cocktail is served chilled and without ice, ensuring that the flavors remain concentrated and undiluted.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or cocktail glass. 2. In a mixing glass, combine the rye whiskey, Benedictine, sugar syrup, and Angostura bitters. 3. Add ice to the mixing glass and stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). 4. Strain the mixture into the chilled glass. 5. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and discard the peel.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and discarded.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye provides a spicy backbone, contributing depth and complexity to the cocktail's flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Benedictine adds herbal and honeyed notes, providing depth and complementing the rye's spice."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters add a layer of aromatic complexity, complementing the rye's spice and grounding the cocktail."},{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar Syrup","unit":"bar spoon","rationale":"Sugar syrup balances the booziness and bitterness of the rye whiskey and other ingredients, adding a touch of sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Bitter","Herbal","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Pink Gin",{"cocktail":{"name":"Pink Gin","description":"Pink Gin is a classic cocktail, simple in its construction yet delivering a bracingly dry and aromatic experience. Its origins lie in the 19th-century British Royal Navy, where it was prescribed as a remedy for sea sickness. The pink hue is a result of Angostura bitters, which were added not only for their medicinal properties but also for their flavour. The bitters contribute a complex blend of spices and botanicals that complements the gin beautifully. While recipes may vary slightly, the key is to achieve a balance between the gin's juniper-forward profile and the Angostura's aromatic bitterness. Some variations involve adding a small amount of water or ice to slightly dilute the drink, making it more palatable. The simplicity of Pink Gin makes it an excellent showcase for the quality of the gin used; a London Dry style is typically preferred for its clean, crisp character. The drink’s enduring appeal is its inherent dryness and refreshing nature.","historical_reference":"David Embury, The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks (1948) references Pink Gin being used as a navy medication.","technique":"Chill a rocks glass. Add the gin and Angostura bitters to the glass. Stir gently to combine. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and discard the twist.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink to release its oils and then discarded.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical foundation, with juniper being the key flavour component."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a complex bitter and aromatic profile, providing the signature pink hue and balancing the gin's dryness with notes of spice and herbs."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":1}}}],["$","$Le","Jagertee",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jagertee","description":"$2b","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a saucepan. Gently heat the mixture, without boiling, until it is steaming hot. Stir to ensure all ingredients are well combined. Ladle into a heat-resistant glass or mug. Garnish with an orange slice and/or a cinnamon stick.","garnish":"Orange slice and/or a cinnamon stick.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":20,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a molasses and caramel base note providing warmth and backbone, contributing to the overall alcoholic strength."},{"amount":20,"name":"Stroh Rum (80% ABV)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amplifies the booziness and imparts intense spice and a distinctive high-proof kick, essential for the drink's robust character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Herbal Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a layer of herbal complexity, complementing the tea and spices, and contributing to the overall warming effect."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":100,"name":"Strong Black Tea","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the liquid base, contributing tannins and a subtle bitterness to balance the sweetness. Provides a warming element."},{"amount":50,"name":"Red Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds body, depth, and fruity notes to the cocktail, rounding out the flavor profile and providing additional warmth."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange, sliced","unit":"slice","rationale":"Imparts citrus notes and aromatic oils, enhancing the overall aroma and flavor complexity of the drink."},{"amount":1,"name":"Lemon, sliced","unit":"slice","rationale":"Introduces tartness and bright citrus notes, balancing the sweetness and adding to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cinnamon Sticks","unit":"sticks","rationale":"Provides warm, spicy notes that complement the rum and other ingredients, enhancing the drink's overall coziness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cloves","unit":"whole","rationale":"Adds intense aromatic spice and a slight bitterness, contributing to the drink's complexity and warming sensation."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Spicy","Herbal","Woody","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Rob Roy",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rob Roy","description":"$2c","historical_reference":"David Wondrich's 'Imbibe!' mentions its creation around 1894 at the Waldorf Astoria, inspired by the operetta 'Rob Roy'.","technique":"Combine Scotch, sweet vermouth, and bitters in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry or a lemon twist.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, or optionally a lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Scotch whisky forms the foundation of the Rob Roy, providing its characteristic smoky, peaty, or rich flavor notes depending on the specific scotch used."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth complements the Scotch, providing a sweet, herbal, and slightly bitter counterpoint that balances the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add complexity and depth to the cocktail, balancing the sweetness and tying together the flavors of the scotch and vermouth."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Woody","Herbal","Spicy","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":1,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Tschunk",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tschunk","description":"$2d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice cubes. Pour in the Stroh Rum 80. Top with Club-Mate. Gently stir to combine. Squeeze the lime wedge over the drink and place it on the rim for garnish.","garnish":"Lime wedge, for squeezing and placement on rim","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Stroh Rum 80","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and a characteristic spicy and slightly funky rum flavor."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":200,"name":"Club-Mate","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds carbonation, sweetness, and the distinctive earthy, herbal flavor that defines the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Herbal","Earthy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Oaxaca Old Fashioned",{"cocktail":{"name":"Oaxaca Old Fashioned","description":"The Oaxaca Old Fashioned is a modern twist on the classic Old Fashioned cocktail, replacing whiskey with tequila and mezcal to create a smoky and complex flavor profile. It typically uses agave nectar instead of simple syrup or a sugar cube, highlighting the flavors of the agave-based spirits. The cocktail is credited to Phil Ward, a bartender at Death & Co. in New York City, who developed it in the mid-2000s. The Oaxaca Old Fashioned has become a staple in many craft cocktail bars due to its unique flavor combination and balance. The drink is appreciated for its smoky and sweet notes. It has gained popularity as an accessible introduction to mezcal for those unfamiliar with the spirit. It has become a popular modern classic in cocktail culture and represents a creative variation on a traditional recipe.","historical_reference":"While a precise original written reference is unavailable, Phil Ward at Death & Co. in New York City is widely credited with its creation in the mid-2000s (approx. 2007).","technique":"Combine tequila, mezcal, agave nectar, and Angostura bitters in a mixing glass. Add ice and stir until well-chilled and properly diluted (about 20-30 seconds). Strain into a rocks glass over a large ice cube. Express the oils from an orange peel over the glass, then drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila provides a complex agave flavor profile, adding notes of earth, pepper, and vegetal sweetness as the primary flavor component."},{"amount":15,"name":"Mezcal","unit":"ml","rationale":"Mezcal contributes a distinct smoky characteristic that complements the tequila and enhances the overall depth of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":5,"name":"Agave Nectar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Agave nectar is used as a sweetener, providing a delicate agave flavor that complements the base spirits without overpowering them."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters add complexity and spice, enhancing the other flavors and balancing the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Herbal","Spicy","Earthy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Porchcrawler",{"cocktail":{"name":"Porchcrawler","description":"$2e","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish with a lemon wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lemon wedge or wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a light body and subtle sweetness that complements the other ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds complexity with its botanical profile, providing a dry counterpoint to the rum and balancing the overall sweetness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes neutral alcohol content, increasing the drink's potency without significantly altering the flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness, adding a refreshing tartness that cuts through the richness of the spirits and syrup."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness to counterbalance the sourness of the lemon juice and to harmonize with the alcoholic components."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Blood & Sand",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blood & Sand","description":"The Blood & Sand is a classic cocktail named after the 1922 Rudolph Valentino film of the same name. Created sometime around then, its equal parts composition and unusual combination of ingredients make it both intriguing and challenging to balance. It showcases a unique blend of sweet, sour, and smoky flavors. Its equal parts composition and the presence of orange juice alongside cherry heering distinguishes it and highlights the importance of precise measurements for achieving balance. It gained popularity in the 1930s but faded into relative obscurity before experiencing a resurgence with the renewed interest in classic cocktails. Finding the right balance is key; some prefer a slightly drier version, while others favor a sweeter profile. It is usually served in a coupe or cocktail glass, and the orange peel garnish adds a visual appeal and aroma that complements the drink's flavor profile. The name and color evoke the drama and passion of the film, adding to the cocktail's mystique.","historical_reference":"The Savoy Cocktail Book (1930) lists the Blood & Sand cocktail.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Scotch provides the cocktail's base and backbone, lending smoky, malty notes and alcoholic strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Cherry Heering","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cherry Heering brings a rich cherry flavor with subtle bitter almond notes, crucial for the cocktail's signature profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness and herbal complexity, rounding out the sharp edges of the other ingredients."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice contributes a vital component of sweetness and acidity, balancing the whisky and adding a citrusy zest."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Smoky","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Virgin Mojito",{"cocktail":{"name":"Virgin Mojito","description":"The Virgin Mojito is a non-alcoholic adaptation of the classic Mojito cocktail. Its history parallels that of the original Mojito, which is believed to have originated in Havana, Cuba. The exact origins are murky, but it's thought to have evolved from a medicinal drink. Sir Francis Drake, a famous English sea captain and privateer, is sometimes associated with an early version of the Mojito, as his crew mixed aguardiente (a crude form of rum), mint, lime, and sugar to combat scurvy and dysentery. The modern Mojito, made with rum, gained popularity in the early 20th century, particularly at the Havana bar La Bodeguita del Medio, famously frequented by Ernest Hemingway. The Virgin Mojito emerged later, as a response to the growing demand for sophisticated non-alcoholic drinks. It retains the refreshing qualities of the original, relying on the vibrant flavors of mint, lime, and sparkling water to create a balanced and invigorating beverage. The Virgin Mojito provides all the refreshment without the alcohol.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Gently muddle the mint leaves, lime wedges, and simple syrup in a sturdy glass. Avoid over-muddling, as this can release bitter compounds from the mint. 2. Add the lime juice. 3. Fill the glass with ice. 4. Top with soda water. 5. Stir gently to combine. 6. Garnish with a mint sprig and a lime wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and lime wedge. Gently slap the mint sprig to release its aromas before placing it on the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":12,"name":"Fresh Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Provides the characteristic refreshing herbal flavor and aroma to the drink. The mint is muddled to release its essential oils."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial sour element that balances the sweetness and enhances the refreshing character. Freshly squeezed juice is essential."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness, balancing the tartness of the lime juice and the herbaceousness of the mint."},{"amount":120,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and dilutes the drink to a refreshing consistency. The bubbles enhance the perceived aroma and flavor."},{"amount":4,"name":"Lime Wedges","unit":"wedges","rationale":"Adds additional citric flavor and aroma, and acidity. Can be muddled lightly to increase tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Fruity","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":0,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Southside",{"cocktail":{"name":"Southside","description":"$2f","historical_reference":"While exact origins are debated, the Southside cocktail is often associated with the South Side of Chicago during the Prohibition era (1920-1933). Source not found","technique":"In a cocktail shaker, gently muddle mint leaves with simple syrup. Add gin and lime juice. Fill the shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Mint sprig","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, its juniper notes harmonizing with the mint and citrus."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a refreshing, cool counterpoint to the gin and lime, contributing aromatic complexity and a vibrant flavor."},{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness and enhancing the overall brightness of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the acidity of the lime juice, creating a harmonious and palatable drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Refreshing"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Paper Plane",{"cocktail":{"name":"Paper Plane","description":"The Paper Plane is a modern classic cocktail created in 2008 by Sasha Petraske and Sam Ross at Milk & Honey in New York City. It was specifically designed for the opening of The Violet Hour in Chicago. This equal-parts cocktail, named after M.I.A.'s hit song 'Paper Planes,' balances the boldness of bourbon with the bitterness of Amaro Nonino, the citrusy tang of lemon juice, and the herbal sweetness of Aperol. The result is a complex, yet refreshing drink that appeals to a wide range of palates. The equal proportion of ingredients makes it easy to remember and replicate, contributing to its widespread popularity in the craft cocktail scene. Its unique flavor profile and balanced structure have cemented its place as a modern classic, frequently found on cocktail menus worldwide. The Paper Plane's success lies in its harmonious blend of contrasting flavors, making it a standout example of contemporary mixology. It's a testament to the enduring appeal of well-balanced, thoughtfully crafted cocktails.","historical_reference":"Created in 2008 by Sam Ross for the opening of The Violet Hour in Chicago. (Source: multiple cocktail blogs and articles referencing Sam Ross and The Violet Hour's opening). No formal historical document is available but verifiable through professional cocktail resources and publications such as Difford's Guide and Liquor.com, which cite interviews and articles about Sam Ross and the creation of the cocktail.","technique":"Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a coupe or Nick & Nora glass. Garnish with an orange peel.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and discarded or placed on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the base flavor with its characteristic vanilla and caramel notes, adding depth and warmth to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Aperol","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aperol contributes a bittersweet orange flavor with herbal complexity, adding a layer of depth and a vibrant color to the drink."},{"amount":22,"name":"Amaro Nonino Quintessentia","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amaro Nonino offers a more nuanced bitterness compared to other amari, complementing the bourbon and Aperol with its caramel, herbal, and citrus notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and bourbon, creating a bright and refreshing element."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Bitter","Herbal","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Chartreuse Swizzle",{"cocktail":{"name":"Chartreuse Swizzle","description":"$30","historical_reference":"Created by Marcovaldo Dionysos at San Francisco's 15 Romolo bar in the early 2000s.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a tall glass filled with crushed ice. Swizzle vigorously with a swizzle stick or bar spoon until the glass is frosted. Add more crushed ice to fill. Garnish with a mint sprig and grated nutmeg.","garnish":"Mint sprig, grated nutmeg","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":1,"name":"Green Chartreuse","unit":"oz","rationale":"The base flavor of the cocktail, providing intense herbal and slightly sweet notes."},{"amount":0,"name":"Falernum","unit":"5 oz","rationale":"Adds sweetness, spice, and a touch of tropical flavor, complementing the Chartreuse."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"oz","rationale":"Adds tartness and balances the sweetness of the Chartreuse and falernum, providing essential acidity."},{"amount":1,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"oz","rationale":"Introduces a tropical sweetness and fruity aroma, complementing the herbal notes of the Chartreuse."},{"amount":4,"name":"dashes Angostura bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Adds a layer of spice and complexity, enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Citrus","Tropical","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Ranch Water",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ranch Water","description":"$31","historical_reference":"Origin is unverified, but is often associated with West Texas ranching culture of the mid-20th century. Source not found.","technique":"1. Optional: Salt the rim of a highball glass.\n2. Fill the glass with ice.\n3. Add tequila.\n4. Squeeze in the lime juice.\n5. Top with sparkling mineral water.\n6. Gently stir to combine.\n7. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel, for squeezing and rimming (optional: salt rim)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic agave flavor, defining the cocktail's potency and overall profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides crucial acidity to balance the tequila, creating a refreshing and tart counterpoint. The lime juice contributes to the perceived sourness of the drink."},{"amount":180,"name":"Sparkling Mineral Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sparkling mineral water (like Topo Chico) provides effervescence and dilution, creating a light and refreshing texture. The carbonation also enhances the perception of the other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Salty","Earthy","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":7,"sweetness":2}}}],["$","$Le","Last Word",{"cocktail":{"name":"Last Word","description":"The Last Word is a classic equal-parts cocktail that originated at the Detroit Athletic Club in the early 1920s. It was supposedly popularized by vaudeville performer Frank Fogarty. The cocktail fell into obscurity after Prohibition, but was rediscovered in the early 2000s by bartender Murray Stenson at the Zig Zag Cafe in Seattle. Its unique combination of gin, green Chartreuse, maraschino liqueur, and lime juice creates a complex and balanced flavor profile that is both herbaceous and tart. The equal proportions of the ingredients are crucial to its success, as they allow each component to shine without overpowering the others. The Last Word has become a modern classic, inspiring numerous variations and solidifying its place in cocktail history.","historical_reference":"The cocktail is believed to have originated at the Detroit Athletic Club sometime before Prohibition (1920-1933) and was later printed in Ted Saucier's 'Bottoms Up' in 1951.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, speared, or a lime wedge.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the foundational botanical complexity and structure to the cocktail, grounding the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Green Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a complex herbal and slightly sweet note, adding depth and character."},{"amount":22,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle cherry sweetness and almond-like note, contributing to the cocktail's aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and herbal notes, providing a refreshing tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Citrus","Sour","Bitter","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Cojito",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cojito","description":"$32","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Gently muddle mint leaves with simple syrup in a sturdy glass or shaker. Avoid over-muddling to prevent bitterness. 2. Add white rum, lime juice, and coconut cream to the glass. 3. Fill the glass with ice. 4. Top with soda water. 5. Gently stir to combine all ingredients. 6. Garnish with a mint sprig and a lime wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and a lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic flavor profile of a Mojito, contributing to booziness and a light, slightly sweet taste."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":40,"name":"Coconut Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a rich, creamy texture and a distinct coconut flavor, differentiating the Cojito from the traditional Mojito."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":10,"name":"Fresh Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Adds a refreshing, herbal aroma and flavor, essential for the Mojito character. Muddled gently to release oils without bruising."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity and balances the sweetness of the rum and coconut cream, adding a tangy citrus note."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweetens the drink, balancing the sourness of the lime juice and enhancing the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and dilutes the mixture, creating a refreshing and lighter texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Creamy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Damn the Weather",{"cocktail":{"name":"Damn the Weather","description":"$33","historical_reference":"Attribution to Joaquin Simó at Pouring Ribbons, New York City (circa 2010s)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed over the drink and then discarded","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust backbone to the cocktail, offering depth and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao contributes citrus notes and a subtle sweetness, complementing the rye and vermouth."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness, body, and herbal complexity to balance the rye whiskey."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters provide aromatic depth and a balancing bitterness to the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Aperol Spritz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Aperol Spritz","description":"The Aperol Spritz, a quintessential Italian aperitivo, embodies the spirit of carefree summer evenings and convivial gatherings. Its origins can be traced back to the early 20th century in the Veneto region of Italy, evolving from a simple spritz—a blend of wine and sparkling water introduced by Austrian soldiers during their occupation of the region. In 1919, the Barbieri brothers of Padua created Aperol, a vibrant orange-hued liqueur with a unique bittersweet flavor profile. Aperol quickly gained popularity, and by the 1950s, the Aperol Spritz began to take shape as we know it today, becoming a beloved pre-dinner drink throughout Italy. The recipe was formalized in the 2000s with the 'Spritz Life' campaign, solidifying its place as a global phenomenon. The Aperol Spritz represents the Italian culture of enjoying life's simple pleasures, it pairs perfectly with light snacks or appetizers and evokes a sense of Italian charm. Its low alcohol content makes it a refreshing choice for daytime enjoyment.","historical_reference":"Aperol was created in 1919 by the Barbieri brothers in Padua, Italy. The Aperol Spritz gained popularity in the mid-20th century. Source: Campari Group official website.","technique":"Fill a large wine glass with ice. Add Prosecco, followed by Aperol. Top with soda water. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Orange slice, placed on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":60,"name":"Aperol","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aperol is the defining ingredient, contributing its signature bittersweet orange flavor and vibrant color, creating the cocktail's characteristic profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco provides the light, dry, and bubbly base, adding effervescence and a touch of fruitiness to balance the bitterness of the liqueur."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds extra dilution and effervescence, lightening the drink and enhancing its refreshing qualities."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Citrus","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Boulevardier",{"cocktail":{"name":"Boulevardier","description":"$34","historical_reference":"First published in Barflies and Cocktails by Harry McElhone (1927)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass over a large ice cube.","garnish":"Orange peel twist (expressed and inserted)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the base flavor, contributing sweetness, vanilla, and oak notes and serving as the foundation for the cocktail's strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Campari contributes a distinctive bitter and herbal flavor profile, balancing the sweetness from the bourbon and vermouth and adding a vibrant color and complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth introduces a complex sweetness with herbal and spice undertones, softening the intensity of the bourbon and Campari and providing aromatic depth."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Fruity","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Martinez",{"cocktail":{"name":"Martinez","description":"$35","historical_reference":"Harry Johnson's Bartender's Manual (1888) features an early recipe for the Martinez.","technique":"Stir all ingredients with ice in a mixing glass until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass or a cocktail cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Old Tom Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Old Tom Gin provides a sweeter, maltier base compared to London Dry, essential for the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur introduces a delicate cherry and almond flavor, enhancing the cocktail's aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds body, sweetness, and herbal notes, complementing the gin and softening the overall profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters provide balance and complexity, adding subtle spice and bitterness that ties the drink together."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Ancient Mariner",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ancient Mariner","description":"$36","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone and rich, molasses-derived flavors that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle cherry-almond flavor and a touch of dryness, enhancing the complexity and balancing the sweetness."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides essential acidity to balance the sweetness of the rum and simple syrup, creating a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds balanced sweetness to complement the rum and lime, rounding out the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Contributes a layer of complexity and subtle bitterness, enhancing the aromatic profile and balancing the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Herbal","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Lorraine",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lorraine","description":"$37","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing juniper, coriander, and other botanicals."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur introduces a delicate cherry sweetness and almond notes, rounding out the overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth contributes herbal and floral notes, adding dryness and complexity while complementing the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters adds a subtle citrus aroma and complexity, balancing the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Bijou",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bijou","description":"$38","historical_reference":"Harry Johnson's Bartenders' Manual (1882)","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (about 20 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange twist over the drink and drop it in.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the cocktail's backbone, offering a botanical complexity and a dry, juniper-forward profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Green Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Green Chartreuse brings a unique herbal complexity and subtle sweetness, contributing to the drink's overall balance and depth."},{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness, spice, and body, rounding out the drink and complementing the gin and Chartreuse."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"The orange bitters add a layer of citrus aroma and a subtle bitter note, complementing and enhancing the other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Bitter","Citrus","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Smash",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smash","description":"The Smash is a versatile and refreshing cocktail that falls into the 'cobbler' family of drinks. It's essentially a julep variation that embraces seasonal fruits and herbs. Originating in the 19th century, the Smash was popularized by legendary bartenders like Jerry Thomas, who included a recipe in his seminal book, 'How to Mix Drinks' (1862). The beauty of the Smash lies in its adaptability; the base spirit can be customized, and the fresh ingredients vary according to what's available. Mint is a common element, but other herbs and fruits, like berries, peaches, and cucumbers, can also be incorporated. The drink is typically built in the glass, allowing the ingredients to meld together through muddling and dilution from ice. The final result is a vibrant, aromatic, and balanced beverage that is perfect for warm weather gatherings.","historical_reference":"Jerry Thomas, 'How to Mix Drinks' (1862) includes recipes resembling the modern smash, solidifying its 19th-century origins.","technique":"In a shaker tin, gently muddle the mint leaves and fresh fruit with the simple syrup. Add the bourbon and lemon juice. Fill the shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Mint sprig and a fresh fruit slice (e.g., lemon wheel, berry, or peach slice depending on the fruit used in the drink). Gently slap the mint sprig to release its aroma before placing it on the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the base spirit, contributing oaky, vanilla, and caramel notes that form the foundation of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Adds a refreshing, herbaceous element to the cocktail, complementing the bourbon and citrus."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice and the bitterness of the bourbon."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity, which balances the sweetness and booziness, creating a more refreshing and palatable drink."},{"amount":50,"name":"Fresh Fruit (Berries or Peach)","unit":"g","rationale":"Contributes fresh fruit flavor and sweetness, complementing the base spirit and other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Citrus","Woody","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Blow My Skull",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blow My Skull","description":"The 'Blow My Skull' cocktail, despite its rather aggressive name, is a classic cocktail known for its potent blend of spirits and unique flavor profile. It has roots dating back to the early days of cocktail culture. While precise historical origins remain somewhat obscure, similar concoctions were popular during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, a period marked by experimentation and the use of strong spirits. The name likely alludes to the drink's high alcohol content and the intense sensation it delivers. The combination of gin and rum creates a complex base, enhanced by the addition of complementary liqueurs and citrus. Today, it's appreciated by those who enjoy bold, assertive cocktails with a balance of sweetness, sourness, and herbal notes. The drink showcases the mixological creativity of bygone eras and remains a testament to the enduring appeal of well-crafted, spirit-forward beverages. Blow My Skull is a historical curiosity—a cocktail name evoking both caution and daring enjoyment.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, forming the foundational flavor profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Light rum contributes a subtle sweetness and tropical note, adding depth without overpowering the gin."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur provides a distinctive cherry note and a subtle sweetness, contributing to the cocktail's complexity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao introduces a citrusy sweetness and aromatic depth, complementing the other ingredients and rounding out the flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds a vital sour component to balance the sweetness and enhance the flavors of the spirits and liqueurs."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Vieux Carré",{"cocktail":{"name":"Vieux Carré","description":"The Vieux Carré, meaning 'Old Square' in French, is a classic New Orleans cocktail created in 1938 by Walter Bergeron, head bartender at the Carousel Bar in the Hotel Monteleone. This sophisticated and complex cocktail showcases the city's rich blend of French, Spanish, and American influences. It combines rye whiskey, cognac, sweet vermouth, Bénédictine, and both Peychaud's and Angostura bitters, resulting in a harmonious balance of sweet, bitter, and herbal flavors. The Vieux Carré is a testament to the city's cocktail culture, offering a layered drinking experience that evolves with each sip. It is a potent yet refined drink, perfect for savoring and contemplating the vibrant history of New Orleans. Its careful balance and intricate flavor profile have solidified its place as a beloved classic among cocktail enthusiasts worldwide. Served straight up, it embodies elegance and complexity, making it a sophisticated choice for discerning palates.","historical_reference":"Stanley Clisby Arthur, \"Famous New Orleans Drinks and How to Mix 'Em,\" 1937, mentions the Carousel Bar, but the Vieux Carré cocktail recipe appears in later editions.","technique":"Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into a chilled rocks glass or coupe. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and drop the peel into the glass. Optionally, garnish with a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon peel, expressed and placed in the glass. Optional: maraschino cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye provides a spicy backbone and structure to the cocktail, lending assertive notes of pepper and spice to balance the sweetness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac adds depth and complexity with its fruity and oaky notes, complementing the rye and providing a smooth, luxurious mouthfeel."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet Vermouth introduces a rich, sweet, and slightly bitter element, binding the base spirits together with its herbal and spiced notes."},{"amount":7,"name":"Bénédictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bénédictine contributes a unique honeyed sweetness and complex herbal profile, adding a layer of intrigue and tying the various flavors together."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Peychaud's Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Peychaud's Bitters contribute a delicate floral and anise note, adding a distinctive New Orleans character and aromatic complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura Bitters provide a bitter, herbal backbone that balances the sweetness of the other ingredients and adds depth."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Spicy","Bitter","Fruity","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Bronx",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bronx","description":"$39","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock, Savoy Cocktail Book (1930)","technique":"Chill a coupe or Martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange twist over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin forms the foundation of the cocktail, providing botanical complexity and the primary alcoholic backbone."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice contributes sweetness, acidity, and a vibrant citrus note."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Brandy Manhattan",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brandy Manhattan","description":"The Brandy Manhattan is a variation of the classic Manhattan cocktail, substituting the traditional rye whiskey with brandy, also known as Cognac in many regions. This substitution creates a smoother, fruitier, and often slightly sweeter profile compared to its whiskey-based counterpart. The Brandy Manhattan retains the core elements of the Manhattan family, incorporating sweet vermouth and bitters to balance and complement the base spirit. It's a cocktail that emphasizes the nuances of the brandy, allowing its character to shine through while maintaining the sophisticated structure of the original Manhattan. The drink can be traced back to the late 19th century, arising alongside the increased availability and appreciation for quality brandy in American bars. Some bartenders add a dash of simple syrup to enhance the sweet vermouth when preparing the Brandy Manhattan.","historical_reference":"The Manhattan cocktail emerged in the 1870s in New York City. While its exact origin is debated, it quickly gained popularity, leading to various riffs, including the Brandy Manhattan. There is no single verifiable documented origin of the brandy variant but it evolved as brandy became a readily available alternative. (Source not found)","technique":"Combine the brandy, sweet vermouth, and bitters in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled, about 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, skewered, or a lemon twist, expressing oils over the drink and placing on the rim. The cherry adds sweetness, while the lemon twist provides a citrus aroma.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"The brandy provides the foundational flavor and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, contributing warmth and subtle fruit notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth balances the brandy's strength and adds a layer of herbal and spiced sweetness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bitters provide depth and complexity, adding a bitter counterpoint to the sweetness and enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Bitter","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Chicago Cocktail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Chicago Cocktail","description":"$3a","historical_reference":"Recipe appears in The Savoy Cocktail Book (1930) by Harry Craddock","technique":"In an old-fashioned glass, muddle the sugar cube with the bitters and a little water until dissolved. Add the brandy and Orange Curaçao. Fill the glass with ice. Stir gently to combine and chill. Garnish with an orange slice and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice and maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brandy serves as the foundational spirit, providing warmth and depth with its rich, fruity notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao provides a sweet citrus note, complementing the brandy and bitters."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar Cube","unit":"pc","rationale":"Sugar adds a touch of sweetness to balance the bitterness of the bitters and the dryness of the brandy."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters introduce complexity and depth, adding a layer of spice and bitterness that enhances the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Bitter","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Hemingway Daiquiri",{"cocktail":{"name":"Hemingway Daiquiri","description":"The Hemingway Daiquiri, also known as the Papa Doble, is a variation of the classic Daiquiri tailored to the preferences of Ernest Hemingway. While in Cuba, Hemingway frequented the El Floridita bar in Havana, where he requested a Daiquiri with less sugar and more rum, plus grapefruit juice and maraschino liqueur. The result was a tart and potent drink that became his signature cocktail. The drink is known for its complex balance of sweet, sour, and slightly bitter flavors. The grapefruit and lime juices create a refreshing tartness, while the maraschino liqueur adds a subtle sweetness and nutty aroma. The rum provides a strong base that balances the other ingredients. It's a very dry drink compared to many other popular cocktails. Over time, the recipe has evolved, with some variations calling for a small amount of simple syrup to balance the tartness. The Hemingway Daiquiri is a testament to the power of customization and the enduring appeal of a well-balanced cocktail.","historical_reference":"Charles H. Baker, Jr., *The Gentleman's Companion* (1939) refers to Hemingway’s taste for daiquiris at El Floridita bar in Havana, Cuba. While not a recipe, it details Hemingway's penchant for these drinks during that time period.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rum provides the foundational alcoholic backbone and characteristic flavor profile of the Daiquiri, lending notes of sugarcane and subtle sweetness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur introduces a nuanced sweetness and a cherry-almond flavor that adds complexity and depth to the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers essential acidity, creating a sour counterpoint to the rum's sweetness and balancing the drink."},{"amount":45,"name":"Grapefruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh grapefruit juice provides a distinctive tart and slightly bitter note that differentiates the Hemingway Daiquiri from a traditional daiquiri."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":8,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Perfect Manhattan",{"cocktail":{"name":"Perfect Manhattan","description":"The Perfect Manhattan is a variation of the classic Manhattan cocktail that uses both sweet and dry vermouth. This creates a more balanced and nuanced flavor profile compared to a standard Manhattan, which typically uses only sweet vermouth. The cocktail is traditionally stirred, not shaken, to maintain its smooth texture. The origins of the Perfect Manhattan, like the original Manhattan, are somewhat murky, with various stories attributing its creation to different bartenders in the late 19th century. However, its appeal lies in its balanced sweetness and dryness, making it a sophisticated and approachable cocktail for whiskey lovers. The Perfect Manhattan represents a subtle refinement of a classic, appealing to those who appreciate a well-balanced and complex drink. It remains a popular choice in cocktail bars, appreciated for its elegant simplicity and depth of flavor. The drink showcases the harmonious interplay of the rye whiskey, the aromatic vermouths, and the touch of bitters.","historical_reference":"While the exact origins of the 'Perfect Manhattan' are unclear, variations of Manhattans using both sweet and dry vermouth were appearing in cocktail guides by the early 20th century. For example, 'The Bartender's Guide' by Harry Johnson, published in 1900, contained recipes with various vermouth combinations.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, dry vermouth and bitters to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with a brandied cherry or lemon twist.","garnish":"Brandied cherry or lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides the spicy and bold backbone of the cocktail, offering notes of pepper and oak."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth contributes sweetness and herbal notes, adding depth and complexity to the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth adds a subtle dryness and herbaceousness, balancing the sweetness of the sweet vermouth and rye whiskey."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters enhance the other flavors and add a layer of complexity with their blend of herbs and spices."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Cooperstown",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cooperstown","description":"The Cooperstown cocktail is a celebration of apple flavors, showcasing the versatility of apple brandy. It balances the richness of the brandy with the sweetness of maple syrup and the tartness of lemon juice, creating a harmonious and refreshing drink. The inclusion of aromatic bitters adds depth and complexity, while a dash of absinthe provides a subtle anise note, enhancing the overall flavor profile. This cocktail is perfect as an aperitif or a dessert drink, offering a delightful taste of autumn in a glass. It’s named after Cooperstown, New York, likely referencing the region's apple orchards.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with an apple slice or lemon twist.","garnish":"Apple slice or lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple brandy provides the cocktail's base flavor and alcoholic backbone, contributing fruity notes and warmth."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds acidity to balance the sweetness, providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":7,"name":"Maple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maple syrup introduces a natural sweetness and adds depth of flavor."},{"amount":2,"name":"Aromatic Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters provide complexity and balance, adding subtle spicy and herbal notes."},{"amount":1,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"dash","rationale":"Absinthe provides subtle anise notes."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Gunsmoke",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gunsmoke","description":"The Gunsmoke cocktail is a modern classic, designed to deliver a complex flavor profile that balances sweetness, smokiness, and spice. It typically features rye whiskey as its base, complemented by the rich and smoky notes of mezcal or a similar spirit. The addition of a sweet liqueur, such as Benedictine or a similar herbal liqueur, contributes depth and complexity. Bitters are crucial for adding balance and nuance. The Gunsmoke offers a layered drinking experience, ideal for those who appreciate bold and intricate cocktails. Its popularity stems from its ability to bridge the gap between traditional whiskey cocktails and more contemporary, adventurous flavor combinations. The drink has gained traction in craft cocktail bars, where mixologists often experiment with variations, such as using different types of whiskey or unique bitters to tailor the flavor profile to their preferences.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or rocks glass. 2. Add rye whiskey, mezcal, Benedictine, and Angostura bitters to a mixing glass. 3. Add ice to the mixing glass. 4. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). 5. Strain into the chilled glass. 6. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and place the peel in the glass or flame the orange peel for a more intense aroma.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass, or a flamed orange peel for added aromatics.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust base, offering a counterpoint to the sweetness and smokiness of other ingredients, creating a balanced profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Benedictine provides herbal, honeyed sweetness and aromatic complexity that rounds out the drink's character and balances the spiciness of the rye."},{"amount":15,"name":"Mezcal","unit":"ml","rationale":"Mezcal introduces a smoky element, adding depth and a unique layer of flavor that distinguishes it from other whiskey-based cocktails."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add complexity and balance by introducing a bitter counterpoint to the sweetness and richness, enhancing the overall depth of flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Spicy","Herbal","Bitter","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Penicillin",{"cocktail":{"name":"Penicillin","description":"$3b","historical_reference":"Created by Sam Ross at Milk & Honey in New York City, 2005. As told by Sam Ross directly.","technique":"Muddle ginger slices (if using fresh ginger), add blended Scotch, lemon juice, and honey-ginger syrup to a shaker. Add ice and shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Float the Islay Scotch on top. Garnish with candied ginger and/or a lemon peel.","garnish":"Candied ginger and/or a lemon peel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Blended Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone and malty flavor profile."},{"amount":7,"name":"Islay Single Malt Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a smoky and peaty element that complements the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity to balance the sweetness and provide a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Honey-Ginger Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness and spicy notes from the honey and ginger combination."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Spicy","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet","Earthy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Dark 'n' Stormy",{"cocktail":{"name":"Dark 'n' Stormy","description":"$3c","historical_reference":"According to Gosling's Rum, the Dark 'n' Stormy was created shortly after World War I in Bermuda, where ginger beer was brewed at a ginger beer factory run by the British Royal Naval Officer's Club. (Source: goslingsrum.com)","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add dark rum. Top with ginger beer. Garnish with a lime wedge (optional).","garnish":"Lime wedge (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides the primary alcoholic base and rich flavor profile with molasses and caramel notes, forming the 'dark' element of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Ginger Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Ginger beer introduces sweetness, spice, and carbonation, complementing the rum and creating a refreshing and effervescent highball."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Sweet","Herbal","Caramel"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Harvey Wallbanger",{"cocktail":{"name":"Harvey Wallbanger","description":"The Harvey Wallbanger is a variation on the Screwdriver cocktail that became popular in the 1960s and 1970s. Legend has it that the drink was created in 1952 by Donato 'Duke' Antone, a bartender at Duke's Blackwatch Bar in Los Angeles, California. The name supposedly came from a surfer named Harvey who frequented the bar and would bang his head against the wall after consuming a few of these cocktails. The drink's popularity surged thanks to an aggressive marketing campaign featuring a cartoon surfer. Though it experienced a decline in popularity in later years, it remains a classic example of mid-century cocktail culture. It's a simple drink with a distinctive orange and herbal flavor profile that makes it very palatable.","historical_reference":"Multiple sources attribute the creation to Donato 'Duke' Antone in 1952, with the name possibly derived from a surfer. However, verifiable historical documentation from that era is lacking. Source not found.","technique":"Pour vodka and orange juice into a highball glass filled with ice. Gently float the Galliano on top. Garnish with an orange slice.","garnish":"Orange slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral alcoholic base, allowing the other flavors to shine without adding significant character of its own. It contributes to the overall booziness of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Galliano L'Autentico","unit":"ml","rationale":"Galliano adds a complex herbal and vanilla sweetness that differentiates the Harvey Wallbanger from a simple Screwdriver. Its blend of Mediterranean herbs gives a distinct aromatic quality."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice contributes sweetness, acidity, and a dominant citrus flavor, which is the core of the drink's appeal. The juice also adds to the overall volume and dilutes the alcohol content slightly."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Vanilla","Fruity","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Rosemary Gimlet",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Rosemary Gimlet","description":"The Smoked Rosemary Gimlet is a modern twist on the classic Gimlet, which traditionally combines gin or vodka with lime juice and sugar. This version elevates the drink with the introduction of smoked rosemary, adding a layer of savory and aromatic complexity. The smoking process infuses the rosemary with a deeper, richer flavor that complements the gin's botanical notes and the lime's tartness. The history of the Gimlet itself is debated, with some attributing its creation to British Navy Surgeon Admiral Sir Thomas Gimlette, who supposedly added lime juice to gin to combat scurvy among sailors in the 19th century. While the Smoked Rosemary Gimlet is a contemporary invention, it draws inspiration from this historical cocktail and updates it for the modern palate, offering a sophisticated and nuanced drinking experience. The combination of smoky, herbal, and citrus notes creates a balanced and intriguing cocktail that appeals to both classic cocktail enthusiasts and adventurous drinkers.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Prepare the smoked rosemary sprig and set aside. 2. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. 3. Add gin, fresh lime juice, and simple syrup to the shaker. 4. Shake well until the shaker is well-chilled, about 15-20 seconds. 5. Strain the mixture into a chilled coupe or martini glass. 6. Garnish with the smoked rosemary sprig.","garnish":"Smoked rosemary sprig: Lightly smoke a fresh rosemary sprig using a smoking gun or by briefly charring it with a culinary torch. Place the smoked sprig on the rim of the glass or float it in the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing juniper, coriander, and other aromatics."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides acidity and a citrusy base that balances the sweetness and complements the gin."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the tartness of the lime juice and create a smoother texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Herbal","Citrus","Savory"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Negroni",{"cocktail":{"name":"Negroni","description":"$3d","historical_reference":"Luca Picchi, Negroni Cocktail: An Italian Legend (2002)","technique":"Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into an old-fashioned glass filled with ice. Garnish with an orange peel.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the assertive botanical backbone and overall structure to the cocktail, acting as the primary spirit."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Campari contributes intense bitterness, herbal notes, and a vibrant red color, defining the drink and differentiating it from similar cocktails."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth adds sweetness, body, and herbal complexity, complementing the gin and Campari, bringing balance to the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Moon River",{"cocktail":{"name":"Moon River","description":"The Moon River cocktail is a delicate and refreshing drink, designed to evoke a sense of tranquility and understated elegance. Its precise origins are somewhat obscure, contributing to its mystique. It gained popularity for its balanced profile, combining the botanical notes of gin with the sweetness of apricot liqueur and the slight tartness of lemon juice. This cocktail is favored for its light and approachable nature, making it a perfect aperitif or a sophisticated choice for a casual gathering. While not steeped in centuries of history like some classics, the Moon River represents a modern appreciation for subtle flavors, aligning with the trend of lighter, more nuanced cocktails. It is often found on cocktail menus seeking to offer something that bridges the gap between traditional drinks and contemporary tastes, showcasing a delightful harmony of flavors that makes it a memorable and enjoyable experience.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine gin, apricot liqueur, and lemon juice in a shaker with ice. Shake well until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express a lemon twist over the drink and use it as garnish.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic base and botanical complexity, setting the stage for other flavors to build upon."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot liqueur introduces a subtle stone fruit sweetness and aromatic complexity, complementing the gin's botanicals."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and enhance the other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Remember the Maine",{"cocktail":{"name":"Remember the Maine","description":"$3e","historical_reference":"The cocktail is mentioned in Charles H. Baker Jr.'s 'The Gentleman's Companion' (1939)","technique":"Stir all ingredients with ice in a mixing glass until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. Garnish with a Luxardo cherry.","garnish":"Luxardo cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the cocktail's backbone, providing a spicy and robust foundation with its characteristic notes of oak and pepper."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and herbal complexity, balancing the spiciness of the rye whiskey with its aromatic notes."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cherry Heering","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a rich cherry flavor and subtle sweetness, complementing the vermouth and adding depth to the overall profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a hint of anise and herbal complexity, enhancing the drink's aroma and adding a unique, slightly bitter edge."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Rusty Nail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rusty Nail","description":"The Rusty Nail is a simple yet sophisticated cocktail that balances the robust flavors of Scotch whisky with the sweet herbal notes of Drambuie liqueur. Its origins are debated, but it gained popularity in the mid-20th century and has become a staple in classic cocktail culture. The drink is appreciated for its straightforward preparation and its ability to showcase the quality of the Scotch used. It's a stirred drink, typically served on the rocks, and is a favorite among those who enjoy a strong, spirit-forward cocktail with a touch of sweetness. The combination of Scotch and Drambuie creates a complex flavor profile that is both comforting and intriguing. The drink is easy to customize to your liking; some prefer more scotch, some prefer more drambuie.","historical_reference":"First mentioned in print in 1937, and popularized by the British Industries Fair in 1963. Source: Difford's Guide","technique":"Combine Scotch whisky and Drambuie in an old-fashioned glass filled with ice. Stir gently until well-chilled, about 15-20 seconds. Express the oils of a lemon peel over the drink and drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink to release oils, then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the foundation of the cocktail, contributing smoky, peaty, and malty notes that define its character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Drambuie","unit":"ml","rationale":"A honeyed Scotch whisky liqueur that introduces sweetness and herbal complexity, complementing and softening the Scotch's intensity."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Herbal","Sweet","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":1,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Vesper",{"cocktail":{"name":"Vesper","description":"The Vesper, famously ordered by James Bond in Ian Fleming's novel 'Casino Royale', is a potent and sophisticated cocktail. Unlike Bond's description, which specifies Kina Lillet (no longer produced), modern interpretations often use a substitute such as Cocchi Americano. This substitution aims to capture the bitter, floral, and slightly sweet notes that the original Kina Lillet provided. The Vesper differentiates itself from a standard Martini through the inclusion of vodka and Lillet (or Cocchi Americano), creating a more complex and aromatic experience. The higher proportion of gin ensures a strong botanical presence, while the vodka adds a subtle smoothness. This cocktail highlights the balance between the sharpness of the spirits and the subtle bitterness, making it a refined choice for those who appreciate a strong, dry, and complex drink. The lemon twist provides a bright citrus aroma, complementing the other components.","historical_reference":"Ian Fleming, Casino Royale (1953), Chapter 8: '“A dry Martini,” he said. “One. In a deep champagne goblet.” “Oui, monsieur.” “Just a moment. Three measures of Gordon's, one of vodka, half a measure of Kina Lillet. Shake it very well until it's ice-cold, then add a large thin slice of lemon peel. Got it?”'","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine gin, vodka, and Cocchi Americano in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled (approximately 20 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and place the twist in the glass.","garnish":"Large lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and placed in the glass, releasing citrus oils.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary botanical backbone and high ABV, forming the bulk of the drink and contributing juniper, coriander, and other complex flavors."},{"amount":15,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka adds a clean, neutral alcoholic element, boosting the overall strength of the drink without significantly altering the flavor profile established by the gin."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Cocchi Americano","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cocchi Americano adds bitterness, subtle sweetness, and complex floral notes that complement and balance the gin and vodka."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Bitter","Herbal","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":2}}}],["$","$Le","20th Century",{"cocktail":{"name":"20th Century","description":"The 20th Century cocktail, a classic from the early 20th century, showcases a harmonious blend of gin, crème de cacao, and Lillet Blanc, with a touch of lemon juice. Credited to C.A. Tuck, a bartender on the London North Eastern Railway, it was created to commemorate the luxurious 20th Century Limited train that ran between New York and Chicago. The drink's sophisticated profile quickly gained popularity, establishing itself as a symbol of elegance and refinement. Its balance of dry gin, sweet crème de cacao, fortified Lillet Blanc, and tart lemon creates a multi-layered experience that tantalizes the palate. This cocktail is best served chilled in a coupe glass and garnished with a lemon twist, reflecting the classic style of its era.","historical_reference":"Reportedly created by C.A. Tuck, a bartender on the London North Eastern Railway, circa 1937. Credited in Cafe Royal Cocktail Book, 1937.","technique":"Chill a coupe glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled coupe glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic base and botanical complexity, featuring juniper and other aromatics."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Crème de Cacao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de Cacao imparts a subtle chocolate sweetness and velvety texture, contributing to the drink's overall richness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Lillet Blanc","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc offers a floral and slightly bitter note that balances the sweetness of the creme de cacao and complements the gin's botanical profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs, creating a refreshing tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Chocolate","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Bee's Knees",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bee's Knees","description":"The Bee's Knees is a classic Prohibition-era cocktail, created to mask the less-than-desirable taste of bathtub gin. The combination of gin, lemon juice, and honey creates a balanced and refreshing drink. The name 'Bee's Knees' was a popular slang term at the time, meaning 'the best.' The exact origin is debated, but it's often attributed to Frank Meier at the Ritz Bar in Paris or possibly to the American bartender Bill Boothby. The cocktail's simplicity and delicious flavor have ensured its continued popularity, making it a staple on cocktail menus worldwide. The Bee's Knees is a testament to the ingenuity of bartenders during Prohibition, who found creative ways to make palatable drinks with whatever ingredients were available. It's a drink that is both historically significant and incredibly enjoyable.","historical_reference":"The Joy of Mixology, Gary Regan (2003) mentions this cocktail as originating during the Prohibition era.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in or discarded. Alternatively, a small edible flower can be used.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the cocktail's foundational flavor and alcoholic strength, with its botanical profile complementing the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness of the honey and contributing to the drink's refreshing character."},{"amount":22,"name":"Honey Syrup (3:1 Honey to Water)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Honey syrup sweetens the cocktail, adding a floral and complex sweetness that complements the gin and lemon."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Clover Club",{"cocktail":{"name":"Clover Club","description":"$3f","historical_reference":"The Clover Club is mentioned in \"The Ideal Bartender\" by Tom Bullock (1917) and \"Recipes for Mixed Drinks\" by Hugo Ensslin (1916).","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass. 2. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice (dry shake). 3. Vigorously shake for about 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 4. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled. 5. Double strain into the chilled glass. 6. Garnish with fresh raspberries or a lemon twist.","garnish":"3 fresh raspberries skewered on a cocktail pick or a delicate lemon twist.","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical backbone of the cocktail, offering a complex profile of juniper and other herbs that complement the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Raspberry Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Raspberry syrup contributes sweetness and a distinctive fruity flavor, complementing the gin's botanicals and adding the characteristic pink hue to the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice introduces the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and bring brightness to the drink, creating a balanced and refreshing experience."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white creates a smooth, velvety texture and adds a creamy mouthfeel to the cocktail, softening the sharp edges of the alcohol and citrus."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Creamy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Death in the Afternoon",{"cocktail":{"name":"Death in the Afternoon","description":"$40","historical_reference":"So Red the Nose, or Breath in the Afternoon is a collection of celebrity cocktail recipes published in 1935 with the recipe accredited to Ernest Hemingway.","technique":"Pour absinthe into a Champagne flute. Top with chilled Champagne. Gently stir until the drink turns opalescent.","garnish":"None typically, though a lemon twist is sometimes used as a modern addition.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe provides a strong anise flavor and aromatic complexity, acting as the primary spirit and backbone of the cocktail, defining its distinctive taste profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Champagne","unit":"ml","rationale":"Champagne contributes dryness, effervescence, and a delicate fruitiness, complementing the absinthe's intensity and creating a balanced, sparkling cocktail experience."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Anise","Fruity","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":8,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Churchill",{"cocktail":{"name":"Churchill","description":"$41","historical_reference":"While anecdotal evidence suggests a connection to Winston Churchill, verifiable historical sources directly linking him to this specific cocktail recipe are scarce. Source not found.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine Scotch whisky and dry vermouth in a mixing glass with ice. Stir until well-chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and discard the peel.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and discarded.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the robust and smoky foundation, contributing the primary alcoholic content and characteristic flavors."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a layer of complexity with its herbal and slightly bitter notes, balancing the whisky's intensity without overpowering it."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Woody","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Old Etonian",{"cocktail":{"name":"Old Etonian","description":"$42","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide to Cocktails (Simon Difford, 2002)","technique":"Chill a coupe or cocktail glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange twist over the drink and discard.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed and discarded","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing juniper and other herbal notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apricot brandy introduces a sweet, fruity note that complements the gin and Lillet."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lillet Blanc","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc adds a subtle wine-like quality with floral and slightly bitter notes that soften the gin's sharpness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters contribute aromatic complexity and balance the sweetness and gin."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Widow's Kiss",{"cocktail":{"name":"Widow's Kiss","description":"$43","historical_reference":"First documented in George J. Kappeler's \"Modern American Drinks\" (1895).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple Brandy (Calvados) forms the base of the cocktail, providing a rich, fruity foundation with a hint of apple tartness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Benedictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Benedictine adds herbal and honeyed notes, contributing to the cocktail's overall complexity and richness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Yellow Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Yellow Chartreuse contributes sweetness, floral, and herbal notes, complementing the Benedictine and softening the apple brandy."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Angostura bitters provide a subtle spicy and bitter counterpoint, balancing the sweetness and adding complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Spicy","Floral","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Campari Spritz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Campari Spritz","description":"$44","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide states that the first spritz appeared in the early 1800s (https://www.diffordsguide.com/beer-wine-spirits/category/126/spritz-cocktails)","technique":"Fill a wine glass with ice. Add the Campari. Top with sparkling wine, then add soda water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange slice.","garnish":"Orange slice, placed on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":90,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary bitter and herbal flavor, as well as the signature vibrant red color of the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Sparkling Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds effervescence and a touch of sweetness to balance the bitterness of the Campari. Prosecco is traditionally used."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds further dilution and effervescence, softening the overall intensity and contributing to a lighter, more refreshing texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Fruity","Citrus","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Redheaded Slut",{"cocktail":{"name":"Redheaded Slut","description":"The Redheaded Slut is a layered shot known for its sweet and slightly herbal flavor profile and vibrant color. Its playful name and ease of preparation have contributed to its popularity, especially in social settings. While the exact origins are difficult to pinpoint, it's generally agreed that the shot gained traction in the late 20th or early 21st century, likely emerging from bar culture where creative mixology and novelty drinks thrive. The combination of ingredients creates a balance between sweetness from the peach schnapps and cranberry juice, and a contrasting herbal bitterness and spice from the Jägermeister. It's often served as a celebratory shot due to its bright color and appealing taste, offering an experience that is both fun and flavorful. The layered effect adds to its visual appeal, making it a popular choice for those seeking a visually impressive and palatable shot. Because of the shot's relative novelty, solid historical sources are sparse.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Carefully layer the ingredients in a shot glass in the following order: Peach Schnapps, Jägermeister, then Cranberry Juice. The layering effect is achieved by gently pouring each liquid over the back of a spoon to minimize mixing.","garnish":"None typically, but occasionally a cherry can be added.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Jägermeister","unit":"ml","rationale":"Jägermeister provides a complex herbal and slightly bitter base note, contributing to the drink's overall depth and distinctive character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Peach Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"Peach schnapps contributes a pronounced sweet and fruity element, complementing the herbal notes of Jägermeister and softening the overall profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cranberry juice introduces a tart and slightly acidic counterpoint to the sweetness of the other components, adding complexity and balance."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Toronto",{"cocktail":{"name":"Toronto","description":"The Toronto is a classic cocktail that showcases the character of Canadian whisky. While its exact origins are somewhat hazy, it is believed to have emerged in the early 20th century. The Toronto cocktail is essentially a Manhattan variation, replacing sweet vermouth with Fernet-Branca. The result is a drier, more bitter, and more complex drink that appeals to those with a taste for bolder flavors. The specific combination of Canadian whisky and Fernet-Branca creates a distinctive and memorable flavor experience, a testament to the enduring appeal of simplicity and balance in cocktail creation. It is a sophisticated and understated cocktail that continues to be appreciated by those seeking a refined and flavorful experience.","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide says it first appeared around 1922: https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/709/toronto-cocktail","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir until well-chilled, about 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and discard or place on the rim.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and then discarded or placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Canadian Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"The base provides the primary flavor profile with notes of caramel, vanilla, and spice."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fernet-Branca","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fernet-Branca adds a bitter, herbal complexity that is crucial to the cocktail's distinct character."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a touch of sweetness to balance the bitterness of the Fernet-Branca."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Green Beast",{"cocktail":{"name":"Green Beast","description":"$45","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Muddle cucumber slices in a shaker. Add vodka, lime juice, absinthe, and elderflower liqueur. Fill the shaker with ice and shake well until chilled. Double strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with soda water. Garnish with a cucumber ribbon or wheel and a lime wedge.","garnish":"Cucumber ribbon or wheel, lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral alcoholic base, allowing the other flavors to shine and creating the overall alcoholic strength of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe contributes a distinct anise flavor, adding complexity and a subtle bitterness to the drink."},{"amount":20,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Elderflower liqueur brings floral and sweet notes, complementing the absinthe and cucumber for a balanced flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":4,"name":"Cucumber","unit":"slices","rationale":"Cucumber provides a fresh, vegetal note that complements the absinthe and elderflower, adding a cooling effect and subtle sweetness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice adds necessary acidity to balance sweetness and enhance the freshness of the cucumber and other ingredients."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water provides effervescence, diluting the drink slightly and enhancing its refreshing qualities."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Citrus","Fruity","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Gin Pahit",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gin Pahit","description":"The Gin Pahit is a classic cocktail with origins in colonial Southeast Asia, particularly Malaysia and Singapore. 'Pahit' translates to 'bitter' in Malay, reflecting the drink's prominent bitter character derived from Angostura bitters. It was often consumed as an apéritif or a sundowner, believed to have medicinal properties and served as a refreshing beverage in the hot, humid climate. The cocktail is admired for its simplicity and balance, showcasing the interplay between the botanical gin and the intense bitterness of Angostura. Recipes for Gin Pahit vary, with some including additional ingredients such as sugar or lemon juice, but the essential components remain gin and bitters. Its enduring appeal lies in its straightforwardness and its capacity to deliver a flavorful and aromatic drinking experience. The Gin Pahit is a quintessential example of a classic cocktail that reflects a specific time and place.","historical_reference":"Mentioned in numerous colonial-era accounts and cocktail books, though a precise origin is difficult to pinpoint. Recipes appear in various forms throughout the 20th century. Source not found.","technique":"Stir gin and Angostura bitters with ice in a mixing glass until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a complex botanical profile that forms the foundation of the cocktail's flavor."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":6,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Angostura bitters deliver the defining bitterness and aromatic complexity, contributing a blend of herbal, spicy, and citrus notes."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Citrus","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":1}}}],["$","$Le","Brooklyn",{"cocktail":{"name":"Brooklyn","description":"$46","historical_reference":"Robert Hess, The Essential Bartender's Guide (2008) mentions early recipes from the 1930s and references versions appearing earlier.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides the robust and spicy foundation of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur adds a cherry-almond sweetness and a touch of complexity."},{"amount":7,"name":"Amer Picon or Cynar/Ramazzotti","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amer Picon or its substitute introduces a crucial element of bitterness, differentiating the Brooklyn from a Manhattan."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth contributes herbal and slightly bitter notes, balancing the sweetness of the liqueurs."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Fruity","Herbal","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Barracuda",{"cocktail":{"name":"Barracuda","description":"$47","historical_reference":"Created by Valentino Bolognese for a Galliano competition around 2010.","technique":"Combine rum, pineapple juice, lime juice, and Galliano in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled champagne flute or coupe glass. Top with Prosecco. Garnish with a lime or pineapple wedge.","garnish":"Lime wedge or Pineapple wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gold Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gold rum provides the primary alcoholic backbone and a rich, slightly sweet base, contributing to the overall depth of flavor."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Galliano","unit":"ml","rationale":"Galliano contributes a distinctive vanilla and anise flavor, adding depth and complexity to the overall profile."},{"amount":60,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco adds effervescence and a dry finish, lifting the drink and providing a festive touch."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice introduces tropical sweetness and a complementary acidity, balancing the rum and Galliano."},{"amount":7,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice adds essential tartness, brightening the cocktail and providing a citrusy counterpoint to the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus","Vanilla","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Lapsang Souchong Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lapsang Souchong Martini","description":"$48","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Prepare a strong Lapsang Souchong tea infusion (e.g., brew double strength and let cool). 2. Chill a Martini glass. 3. In a mixing glass filled with ice, combine the gin, dry vermouth, and Lapsang Souchong tea infusion. 4. Stir well until thoroughly chilled (approx. 20 seconds). 5. Strain into the chilled Martini glass. 6. Express a lemon twist over the drink and place on the rim.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, complementing the tea's smoky profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":5,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth adds subtle herbal notes and complexity while softening the gin's edge, complementing the tea's savory aspects."},{"amount":3,"name":"Lapsang Souchong Tea (strong infusion)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lapsang Souchong tea infusion introduces a distinct smoky flavor that defines the cocktail's character. The amount is crucial to avoid overpowering the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Earthy","Herbal","Citrus","Savory"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":1}}}],["$","$Le","La Louisiane",{"cocktail":{"name":"La Louisiane","description":"$49","historical_reference":"Stanley Clisby Arthur, *Famous New Orleans Drinks and How to Mix 'Em* (1937)","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Rinse the chilled glass with absinthe, discarding any excess. In a mixing glass, combine rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, Bénédictine, and Peychaud's Bitters. Add ice and stir until well-chilled. Strain into the prepared glass. Garnish with a Luxardo cherry.","garnish":"Luxardo cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust base, contributing warmth and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Bénédictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bénédictine contributes herbal, honeyed, and slightly spicy notes, adding depth and richness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth provides sweetness, body, and additional herbal complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe provides a prominent anise aroma and flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Peychaud's Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Peychaud's Bitters adds a floral and slightly sweet bitterness, enhancing the overall complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Spicy","Bitter","Sweet","Woody","Anise"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Aviation",{"cocktail":{"name":"Aviation","description":"$4a","historical_reference":"Hugo Ensslin's 'Recipes for Mixed Drinks' (1916) details the original Aviation recipe.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Brandied cherry or lemon twist, depending on preference. Ensure the cherry is high-quality and the lemon twist is expressed to release its oils.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical foundation of the cocktail, contributing juniper, citrus, and other herbal notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Maraschino liqueur contributes a subtle almond and cherry flavor, adding a layer of sweetness and complexity to the cocktail."},{"amount":7,"name":"Crème de Violette","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Crème de Violette imparts a distinct floral aroma and violet flavor, giving the Aviation its characteristic color and unique flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"The lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and brighten the overall flavor profile, creating a refreshing tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Floral","Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","John Collins",{"cocktail":{"name":"John Collins","description":"The John Collins is a classic gin-based cocktail that dates back to the 19th century. Its exact origins are somewhat debated, but one popular story attributes it to a waiter named John Collins, who worked at Limmer's Old House in London. Originally, the cocktail was made with Old Tom Gin, a slightly sweeter style of gin. Over time, London Dry Gin became the more common choice. The John Collins is essentially a gin sour lengthened with carbonated water, making it a refreshing and effervescent drink, perfect for warm weather. It belongs to the Collins family of cocktails, which are distinguished by their use of a base spirit, lemon juice, sugar, and carbonated water, served in a tall glass over ice. Variations exist using other base spirits, resulting in drinks like the Tom Collins (gin), the Vodka Collins (vodka), and the Rum Collins (rum). The drink gained significant popularity during the late 19th and early 20th centuries and continues to be a beloved classic in bars around the world.","historical_reference":"Harry Johnson's Bartenders' Manual (1882) details a recipe for John Collins, indicating its prominence in the late 19th century. David Wondrich, 'Imbibe!' (2015) provides details on origins.","technique":"1. Chill a Collins glass.\n2. Add gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup to a shaker with ice.\n3. Shake well until well-chilled.\n4. Strain into the chilled Collins glass filled with ice.\n5. Top with carbonated water.\n6. Gently stir to combine.\n7. Garnish with a lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry. The lemon wheel provides an aromatic citrus element, while the maraschino cherry adds a touch of sweetness and visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational spirituous backbone, contributing complex botanical flavors that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice contributes essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":80,"name":"Carbonated Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Carbonated water adds effervescence and dilutes the drink, making it lighter and more refreshing."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Sweet","Sour","Refreshing"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Lime Rickey",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lime Rickey","description":"The Lime Rickey is a classic highball cocktail known for its simplicity and refreshing tartness. It's a simple yet satisfying combination of gin, lime juice, and carbonated water, offering a balanced and effervescent drinking experience. The drink dates back to the late 19th century in Washington D.C., named after Colonel Joe Rickey, a Democratic lobbyist who purportedly preferred his whiskey soda with lime rather than sugar. While originally made with bourbon, the Gin Rickey became more popular and is now the standard version. Its appeal lies in its versatility and adaptability to different spirits and flavor profiles, making it a timeless choice for warm weather enjoyment. The Lime Rickey is appreciated for its refreshing, clean taste and is easy to prepare at home or order at a bar. Its low sugar content makes it a lighter alternative to many other cocktails. Its enduring popularity is testament to the refreshing and balanced qualities of this simple yet elegant drink.","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! (Revised and Updated Edition), Perigee Trade, 2015. Mentions Colonel Joe Rickey and the drink's origin in Washington D.C. in the late 1800s.","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add gin, lime juice, and simple syrup. Top with soda water. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel, for garnish.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity to the drink, offering a counterpoint to the tart lime and sweet simple syrup."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers the essential sourness and citrusy brightness that defines the Rickey cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds a touch of sweetness to balance the acidity of the lime, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":90,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water provides the effervescence and dilutes the mixture, creating a light and refreshing highball."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sour","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":8,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Cynar Spritz",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cynar Spritz","description":"$4b","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a wine glass with ice. Add Cynar. Top with Prosecco, then add soda water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with an orange slice.","garnish":"Orange slice, for garnish. Gently express the oils from the orange peel over the drink before placing it on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":60,"name":"Cynar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cynar is the primary flavoring agent, contributing its unique artichoke-based bitterness and herbal notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco provides effervescence, adds fruitiness, and dilutes the drink to make it more refreshing."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds additional effervescence and further dilutes the drink, reducing sweetness and bitterness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Citrus","Earthy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":3,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Fernet Branca & Coke",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fernet Branca & Coke","description":"$4c","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add Fernet Branca. Top with Coca-Cola. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Optional: Lemon or orange wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Fernet Branca","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fernet Branca provides the intensely bitter and herbal base, defining the cocktail's unique character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Coca-Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coca-Cola adds sweetness, carbonation, and balances the bitterness, creating a refreshing highball."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Bee's Knees",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bee's Knees","description":"$4d","historical_reference":"David Embury, *Fine Art of Mixing Drinks* (1948). He credits it to being a popular drink in Paris during the Prohibition era.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical foundation for the cocktail. Its juniper and other botanical notes complement the honey and lemon."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides acidity, balancing the sweetness of the honey syrup and adding brightness to the drink."},{"amount":22,"name":"Honey Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Honey syrup (honey diluted with water) contributes sweetness, adds a unique floral note, and helps round out the overall flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Irish Maid",{"cocktail":{"name":"Irish Maid","description":"$4e","historical_reference":"Attributed to Sam Ross at Milk & Honey, New York City (early 2000s)","technique":"Muddle cucumber slices gently in a shaker. Add Irish whiskey, lemon juice, and elderflower liqueur to the shaker. Fill with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Cucumber wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Irish Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Irish whiskey forms the backbone of the cocktail, providing warmth and a distinctive grainy and slightly fruity flavor profile. It contributes to the overall booziness and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Elderflower liqueur (such as St. Germain) contributes a distinct floral sweetness and aroma, enhancing the overall complexity and adding a sophisticated touch."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the crucial sour component to balance the sweetness and booziness. Its acidity brightens the other flavors and adds a refreshing zest."},{"amount":3,"name":"Cucumber Slices","unit":"slices","rationale":"Cucumber provides a fresh, vegetal note that complements the elderflower and whiskey, adding a refreshing and cooling element to the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Floral","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Old Pal",{"cocktail":{"name":"Old Pal","description":"$4f","historical_reference":"Harry McElhone's 'Harry's ABC of Mixing Cocktails' (1919) contains an early reference. Also found in 'Old Waldorf Bar Days' by Albert Stevens Crockett (1931).","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir until well-chilled, about 15-20 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Garnish with a lemon or orange peel, expressed over the drink and discarded.","garnish":"Lemon or orange peel, expressed and discarded or affixed to the rim; use lemon for dryness or orange for slight sweeteness","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye provides a spicy and robust backbone, offering a counterpoint to the other ingredients and contributing to the overall complexity and warmth of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Campari introduces a pronounced bitterness and complex herbal notes, adding depth and a distinctive character to the cocktail."},{"amount":30,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth contributes dryness and a subtle herbal and floral complexity, balancing the rye's spiciness and Campari's bitterness."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":2}}}],["$","$Le","Zombie",{"cocktail":{"name":"Zombie","description":"The Zombie is a potent cocktail combining various rums, liqueurs, and fruit juices, known for its high alcohol content and complex flavor profile. Its creation is attributed to Don the Beachcomber in 1934, at his Hollywood restaurant. The drink was named for the effect it had on its consumers, supposedly turning them into the walking dead. The original recipe was a closely guarded secret, with variations appearing over time as bartenders attempted to recreate the drink. The Zombie gained popularity in the mid-20th century with the rise of tiki culture, becoming a staple of tropical-themed bars and restaurants. Its potent nature and exotic ingredients make it a memorable and somewhat dangerous cocktail, demanding respect and careful consumption. Modern versions often tone down the original's intensity while maintaining its signature blend of sweet, sour, and boozy flavors. It remains a symbol of tiki culture's playful and adventurous spirit.","historical_reference":"Beachbum Berry's 'Remixed' (2010) features a detailed history and several variations of the Zombie cocktail, tracing its lineage back to Don the Beachcomber's original recipe in 1934.","technique":"1. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until chilled. 3. Strain into a zombie glass filled with ice cubes. 4. Garnish with a mint sprig, cherry, and orange slice.","garnish":"Mint sprig, cherry, orange slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a light and sweet base, contributing to the cocktail's tropical profile."},{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and complexity with its molasses and caramel notes, essential for the Zombie's character."},{"amount":30,"name":"Gold Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bridges the gap between white and dark rum, offering a balanced flavor and color."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle cherry and almond note."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a hint of anise flavor and aroma, adding complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Acidity balances the sweetness and booziness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Falernum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet, spiced background with notes of almond, ginger, and lime."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a fruity note of pomegranate."},{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary tropical fruit flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Sweet","Spicy","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":6,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Pisco Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Pisco Sour","description":"$50","historical_reference":"The origin of the Pisco Sour is debated, but commonly attributed to Victor Vaughen Morris, an American bartender working in Lima, Peru, in the early 1920s. - *The Oxford Companion to Spirits & Cocktails* (2021)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker without ice and dry shake vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify the egg white. Add ice and shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or sour glass.","garnish":"3 drops of Angostura bitters, feathered with a toothpick","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":75,"name":"Pisco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pisco serves as the foundational spirit, providing the characteristic grape-based flavor and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides the essential sour element, balancing the sweetness and complementing the pisco's grape notes."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness, harmonizing the sourness of the lime and the strength of the pisco."},{"amount":25,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white contributes a creamy texture and frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel and visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sour","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":8,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Suffering Bastard",{"cocktail":{"name":"Suffering Bastard","description":"The Suffering Bastard is a potent and refreshing cocktail created by Joe Scialom at the Shepheard's Hotel bar in Cairo during World War II. It was reportedly invented as a hangover cure for the many patrons who frequented the bar. Its mix of base spirits, lime, bitters, and ginger ale creates a complex flavor profile. The blend of gin and brandy lays a foundation of botanical dryness and rich fruitiness, respectively. Lime juice adds a crucial sour element, while bitters contribute a layer of herbal complexity. Ginger ale not only adds a bubbly lift, but also introduces a gentle spice that ties the whole drink together. Though originally designed to alleviate the symptoms of overindulgence, the Suffering Bastard has evolved into a classic cocktail enjoyed for its distinctive taste and historical significance. The combination of its diverse ingredients makes for a drink that is both invigorating and comforting, a testament to its intended purpose.","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! (Revised and Updated Edition), Perigee Trade, 2015","technique":"Add gin, brandy, orange curaçao, and lime juice to a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Top with ginger ale. Dash Angostura bitters on top. Garnish with a mint sprig and cucumber slice.","garnish":"Mint sprig, cucumber slice, and a dash of Angostura bitters on top","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a botanical backbone and dry complexity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth, fruit notes, and a subtle warmth."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds subtle sweetness and citrus notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the base spirits."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Adds aromatic complexity and depth, with notes of spice and herbs."},{"amount":90,"name":"Ginger Ale","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides effervescence, sweetness, and a spicy ginger flavor that ties the drink together."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Spicy","Citrus","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Farnell",{"cocktail":{"name":"Farnell","description":"The Farnell cocktail is a relatively obscure but well-balanced drink featuring gin, dry vermouth, and orange bitters. It is named after a Mr. Farnell, who ordered it on a train. The specifics regarding Mr. Farnell and the exact train are not reliably documented. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and the interplay between the gin's botanicals and the subtle bitterness of the vermouth and orange bitters. The Farnell offers a drier, more sophisticated alternative to some other gin-based cocktails, making it an excellent choice for those who appreciate nuanced flavors.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir well until chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical backbone, contributing juniper and other aromatic flavors."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth complements the gin with herbaceous and slightly bitter notes, adding complexity and dryness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters enhance the citrus notes and add a subtle bitter counterpoint, balancing the other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Citrus","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","White Lady",{"cocktail":{"name":"White Lady","description":"$51","historical_reference":"While its exact origin is debated, the White Lady is documented in Harry Craddock's \"Savoy Cocktail Book\" (1930) and has earlier claims attributed to Harry MacElhone in 1919.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and placed on the rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical complexity and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, lending a dry and aromatic character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Triple Sec (or other orange liqueur) contributes sweetness and citrus notes, enhancing the overall flavor profile and adding complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the essential sourness that balances the sweetness of the liqueur and complements the gin's botanical notes, adding brightness and acidity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Fruity","Sour","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Greenpoint",{"cocktail":{"name":"Greenpoint","description":"The Greenpoint cocktail is a sophisticated variation on the Manhattan, created in 2006 by Michael McIlroy at the Milk & Honey bar in New York City. Named after the Greenpoint neighborhood in Brooklyn, it substitutes Italian sweet vermouth with Yellow Chartreuse, resulting in a drier and more herbaceous profile. The Greenpoint offers a more complex and nuanced experience compared to the classic Manhattan, appealing to those who appreciate subtle botanical notes and a slightly bitter edge. Its balanced profile makes it a sophisticated choice for both seasoned cocktail enthusiasts and those seeking a refined alternative to sweeter drinks. The interplay between the rye, Chartreuse, and bitters creates a memorable and satisfying drinking experience, showcasing the elegance of well-crafted variations on established classics. The cocktail has gained recognition as a modern classic, demonstrating how small ingredient changes can significantly transform a familiar template.","historical_reference":"Created by Michael McIlroy at Milk & Honey in New York City in 2006. Source: Difford's Guide to Cocktails.","technique":"Stir all ingredients with ice in a mixing glass until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or Nick & Nora glass. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and discard the peel.","garnish":"Lemon peel, expressed and discarded","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust backbone, essential for the cocktail's structure."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Yellow Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Yellow Chartreuse introduces herbal and subtly sweet notes, creating a unique flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth contributes body and sweetness, rounding out the cocktail's profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters add depth and complexity, enhancing the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Orange bitters complement the rye and Chartreuse with a subtle citrus note."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Bitter","Spicy","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Corpse Reviver No. 2",{"cocktail":{"name":"Corpse Reviver No. 2","description":"The Corpse Reviver No. 2 is a classic cocktail created to alleviate the effects of overindulgence. It gained prominence in the early 20th century, particularly in cocktail books like Harry Craddock's 'Savoy Cocktail Book' (1930). The cocktail is known for its complex flavor profile, combining floral, citrus, and herbal notes. It was intended as a 'hair of the dog' remedy, meant to be consumed in the morning to revive the drinker after a night of heavy drinking. Its potent combination of spirits and liqueurs provides a strong kick, while the lemon juice and other ingredients offer a refreshing and palatable experience. Over the years, the Corpse Reviver No. 2 has seen numerous variations, but the original recipe remains a popular choice among cocktail enthusiasts for its balanced and invigorating qualities. Today it stands as a testament to the inventive and often whimsical nature of early cocktail culture, with its evocative name and potent effects continuing to captivate drinkers.","historical_reference":"Harry Craddock, *The Savoy Cocktail Book* (1930)","technique":"Chill a coupe glass. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled coupe glass. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and discard the peel.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist (expressed and discarded)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary botanical backbone, its juniper notes complementing the other flavors. Its high proof contributes to the drink's overall strength."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lillet Blanc","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lillet Blanc introduces subtle floral and honeyed notes, adding complexity and a slightly sweet, fortified wine element. It softens the overall sharpness of the cocktail."},{"amount":22,"name":"Cointreau","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cointreau provides a strong orange flavor and additional sweetness. It complements the lemon juice and enhances the overall citrus profile of the drink."},{"amount":1,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"dash","rationale":"A dash of absinthe provides a subtle anise aroma and flavor, adding a unique and intriguing layer of complexity. It should be used sparingly to avoid overpowering the other flavors."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds acidity, balancing the sweetness of the liqueurs and providing a refreshing element. It cuts through the richness of the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Floral","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Bamboo Cocktail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bamboo Cocktail","description":"$52","historical_reference":"The Bamboo is believed to have been created in the late 19th century at the Grand Hotel in Yokohama, Japan. Difford's Guide mentions its existence but does not provide original source documentation.","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass.\n2. Add sherry, vermouth, orange bitters, and Angostura bitters to a mixing glass filled with ice.\n3. Stir well until chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds).\n4. Strain into the chilled glass.\n5. Express the oils from a lemon twist over the drink and drop it in.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Dry Sherry","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the primary body and structure, lending nutty and subtly sweet notes, while contributing to a lower ABV."},{"amount":45,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds herbal and botanical complexity, complementing the sherry and providing a counterpoint to its sweetness with its dry profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Adds a layer of citrus complexity, enhancing the aromatic profile and balancing the overall flavor."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Provides a subtle bitterness and spice, grounding the drink and adding depth to the flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Nutty","Dry","Floral","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Takumi's Aviation",{"cocktail":{"name":"Takumi's Aviation","description":"$53","historical_reference":"Hugo Ensslin's Recipes for Mixed Drinks (1917)","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass.","garnish":"Brandied cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity with juniper and other aromatics."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur adds a subtle cherry note and a touch of sweetness, complementing the gin and lemon."},{"amount":7,"name":"Creme de Violette","unit":"ml","rationale":"Creme de Violette imports a unique floral flavor, contributing to the cocktail's signature aroma and color."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness and bring out the flavors of the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Manhattan",{"cocktail":{"name":"Manhattan","description":"$54","historical_reference":"One source attributes the drink's creation to Iain Marshall, who purportedly invented it for a party hosted by Lady Randolph Churchill in the early 1870s. However, this account is disputed. Robert Hess notes claims for the cocktail's invention that predate this event. (Imbibe! by David Wondrich, p. 188)","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or martini glass. 2. In a mixing glass, combine rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, and Angostura bitters. 3. Add ice to the mixing glass. 4. Stir well until the mixing glass is well-chilled. 5. Strain into the chilled glass. 6. Garnish with a maraschino cherry or expressed orange peel.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, preferably Luxardo, or an orange peel twist, expressed over the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust base, crucial for the Manhattan's characteristic boldness and backbone."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth contributes sweetness, herbal notes, and a smooth texture, complementing the whiskey's strength and adding depth to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add complexity and balance, enhancing the other flavors and preventing the cocktail from being overly sweet."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Woody","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Gin and Tonic",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gin and Tonic","description":"The Gin and Tonic is a highball cocktail of Spanish origin, dating back to the early 19th century. It was popularized by officers of the British East India Company and the British Army in India, who used it as a prophylactic against malaria. The quinine in tonic water helped ward off the disease, while the gin was added to make the drink more palatable. Over time, the cocktail evolved from a medicinal necessity to a refreshing and widely enjoyed beverage. Today, it's a simple yet sophisticated drink, appreciated for its balance of bitterness and refreshing effervescence. Countless variations exist, with different gins and garnishes influencing the final flavor profile. The choice of gin heavily impacts the drink's overall character, while the tonic water's quality also plays a significant role. The Gin and Tonic remains a staple in bars worldwide, valued for its ease of preparation and adaptable nature.","historical_reference":"The Gin and Tonic's origins are linked to the British East India Company in the early 19th century, with widespread use documented by the mid-19th century. (Source: Multiple historical cocktail guides and articles on the history of quinine use in colonial India)","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add gin. Top with tonic water. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lime wedge or wheel, expressed and dropped in. Alternatively, a sprig of rosemary can be used for an herbal variation.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the alcoholic backbone and botanical flavors; its juniper notes are essential to the cocktail's profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":150,"name":"Tonic Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tonic water adds carbonation, sweetness, and a distinctive quinine bitterness, balancing the gin and providing effervescence."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Citrus","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea",{"cocktail":{"name":"Three-Mile Long Island Iced Tea","description":"$55","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Combine all base spirits (vodka, gin, rum, tequila, and whiskey), triple sec, lemon juice, and simple syrup in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. 3. Strain into a highball glass filled with ice. 4. Top with cola. 5. Garnish with a lemon wedge and/or a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wedge and/or a maraschino cherry. Prepare by slicing a fresh lemon into wedges. Optionally, add a maraschino cherry to the rim of the glass for visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a clean, neutral alcoholic base that allows other flavors to shine."},{"amount":15,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds botanical complexity and a distinct juniper note."},{"amount":15,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes sweetness and a subtle tropical character."},{"amount":15,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds an earthy agave flavor and a slight bite."},{"amount":15,"name":"Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a smoky, oak-aged flavor, depth, and a touch of spice."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet orange flavor that complements the other spirits and enhances the citrus notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity to balance the sweetness and adds a refreshing citrus note."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice."},{"amount":75,"name":"Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and carbonation, contributing to the overall flavor and visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Woody","Smoky"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":9,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Tuxedo",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tuxedo","description":"$56","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide. \"Tuxedo No. 1 Cocktail.\" https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/304/tuxedo-no-1","technique":"Chill a coupe or Martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled, approximately 20 seconds. Strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and dropped in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the foundational botanical complexity and alcoholic backbone, delivering a crisp, dry profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":5,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur introduces a subtle cherry sweetness and nutty undertones, balancing the dryness of the gin and vermouth."},{"amount":1,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"dash","rationale":"A dash of absinthe lends a delicate anise aroma and subtle bitterness, adding a unique layer of complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry vermouth contributes a layer of herbal and subtly bitter notes, softening the gin and adding depth."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Orange bitters enhance the citrus notes, adding aroma and complexity to the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Floral","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","El Presidente",{"cocktail":{"name":"El Presidente","description":"$57","historical_reference":"Charles H. Baker, Jr., The Gentleman's Companion (1939), mentions the El Presidente in relation to Havana bars, solidifying its Cuban origin and pre-revolution existence. While a direct recipe source might be challenging to pinpoint, references appear as early as the 1920s, with varying proportions, in articles discussing Cuban cocktails served to Americans. Difford's Guide provides an excellent summary of its history and recipe variations (accessed Oct 26, 2023).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and place the peel in the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rum forms the spirituous backbone, providing a complex array of flavors from molasses, influenced by aging, and carries the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao introduces complex citrus notes that complement the rum and vermouth, adding depth and subtle bitterness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry Vermouth adds a herbal and slightly bitter component, balancing the sweetness of the rum and grenadine while adding aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"dash","rationale":"Grenadine adds a touch of sweetness, vibrant color, and a subtle fruity note that balances the dryness of the vermouth and brings the cocktail together."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Casino",{"cocktail":{"name":"Casino","description":"The Casino cocktail, a classic pre-Prohibition era drink, offers a delightful balance of dryness, citrus, and subtle sweetness. Its origins are somewhat murky, with several bartenders laying claim to its creation, though it gained significant popularity in the early 20th century. It is closely related to the Dry Martini, employing similar ingredients but differing in the proportions and the addition of orange bitters. The Casino presents a lighter and more approachable alternative to the Martini's often austere profile. The cocktail's relative simplicity—gin, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, and orange bitters—belies its elegant complexity. A well-made Casino showcases the quality of the gin while harmonizing the other ingredients. The inclusion of Old Tom gin can lend the Casino a slightly sweeter profile, appealing to modern palates. It exemplifies the golden age of cocktails when balance and refinement were prized.","historical_reference":"First documented in Hugo Ensslin's 'Recipes for Mixed Drinks' (1917).","technique":"Chill a coupe or Martini glass. Add all ingredients to a shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, skewered","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity of the cocktail, lending a dry and aromatic foundation."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maraschino liqueur lends a delicate cherry sweetness and a hint of almond, softening the cocktail's edges and tying the flavors together."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice introduces a vital sour element, balancing the gin's dryness and adding a refreshing tang."},{"amount":2,"name":"Orange Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Orange bitters add a layer of aromatic complexity, enhancing the citrus notes and providing a subtle counterpoint to the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","Mezcal Negroni",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mezcal Negroni","description":"$58","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into an old-fashioned glass filled with ice. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Mezcal","unit":"ml","rationale":"Mezcal provides the smoky, agave-forward base of the cocktail, contributing a distinctive earthy and complex profile that differentiates it from a traditional Negroni."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Campari","unit":"ml","rationale":"Campari provides the bitter, herbal backbone of the Negroni, offering a complex profile that balances the sweetness of the vermouth and complements the smokiness of the mezcal."},{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth contributes a rich, sweet, and slightly spiced element to the cocktail, rounding out the flavors and providing a necessary balance to the bitterness of the Campari and the strength of the mezcal."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Smoky","Citrus","Earthy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Fitzgerald",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fitzgerald","description":"$59","historical_reference":"Attributed to Dale DeGroff, though specific documentation is lacking; widespread recognition and publication in contemporary cocktail books validate attribution (circa 2000s).","technique":"Chill a coupe or cocktail glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from a lemon peel over the drink and use as garnish.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist (expressed)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity to the cocktail, establishing the foundation of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness and adding brightness to the drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness, harmonizing the tartness of the lemon juice and ensuring a balanced flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Angostura bitters introduce a layer of aromatic bitterness, adding depth and complexity to the overall flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}]]}]]}]}]
c:[["$","meta","0",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1"}]]
a:[["$","meta","0",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","title","1",{"children":"調理農務指南 | Cocktail Compass"}],["$","meta","2",{"name":"description","content":"Find the perfect cocktail for you"}],["$","link","3",{"rel":"icon","href":"/favicon.ico","type":"image/x-icon","sizes":"16x16"}]]
8:null
