1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[9988,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","177","static/chunks/app/layout-84004d983d838732.js"],"LanguageProvider"]
3:I[2741,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","177","static/chunks/app/layout-84004d983d838732.js"],"Header"]
4:I[3266,[],""]
5:I[5648,[],""]
7:I[7915,[],"OutletBoundary"]
9:I[7915,[],"MetadataBoundary"]
b:I[7915,[],"ViewportBoundary"]
d:I[7429,[],""]
:HL["/cocktail-compass-app/_next/static/media/569ce4b8f30dc480-s.p.woff2","font",{"crossOrigin":"","type":"font/woff2"}]
:HL["/cocktail-compass-app/_next/static/media/93f479601ee12b01-s.p.woff2","font",{"crossOrigin":"","type":"font/woff2"}]
:HL["/cocktail-compass-app/_next/static/css/6c0e0cd0eba7d870.css","style"]
0:{"P":null,"b":"aicqEw6lKqK8Oxy0Fjz7Z","p":"/cocktail-compass-app","c":["","flavours","sweet"],"i":false,"f":[[["",{"children":["flavours",{"children":[["slug","sweet","d"],{"children":["__PAGE__",{}]}]}]},"$undefined","$undefined",true],["",["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/cocktail-compass-app/_next/static/css/6c0e0cd0eba7d870.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}]],["$","$L2",null,{"children":["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","className":"dark","children":["$","body",null,{"className":"__variable_88842e __variable_a0cd56 antialiased","children":[["$","$L3",null,{}],["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":[[],[["$","title",null,{"children":"404: This page could not be found."}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"fontFamily":"system-ui,\"Segoe UI\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\"Apple Color Emoji\",\"Segoe UI Emoji\"","height":"100vh","textAlign":"center","display":"flex","flexDirection":"column","alignItems":"center","justifyContent":"center"},"children":["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","style",null,{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}"}}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"next-error-h1","style":{"display":"inline-block","margin":"0 20px 0 0","padding":"0 23px 0 0","fontSize":24,"fontWeight":500,"verticalAlign":"top","lineHeight":"49px"},"children":404}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"display":"inline-block"},"children":["$","h2",null,{"style":{"fontSize":14,"fontWeight":400,"lineHeight":"49px","margin":0},"children":"This page could not be found."}]}]]}]}]]],"forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}]}]}]]}],{"children":["flavours",["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","flavours","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}],{"children":[["slug","sweet","d"],["$","$1","c",{"children":[null,["$","$L4",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","flavours","children","$0:f:0:1:2:children:2:children:0","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]]}],{"children":["__PAGE__",["$","$1","c",{"children":["$L6",null,["$","$L7",null,{"children":"$L8"}]]}],{},null,false]},null,false]},null,false]},null,false],["$","$1","h",{"children":[null,["$","$1","LsC0OHXnlf865MjR5rzvq",{"children":[["$","$L9",null,{"children":"$La"}],["$","$Lb",null,{"children":"$Lc"}],["$","meta",null,{"name":"next-size-adjust","content":""}]]}]]}],false]],"m":"$undefined","G":["$d","$undefined"],"s":false,"S":true}
e:I[7602,["751","static/chunks/751-a00252b1a6a5c898.js","606","static/chunks/606-a87828ecd8fad6f7.js","703","static/chunks/app/flavours/%5Bslug%5D/page-cec5a47db737b027.js"],"CocktailCard"]
f:T43a,Fernet con Coca, or Fernet and Coke, is a popular highball cocktail, particularly in Argentina. It's a simple yet surprisingly complex drink where the bitter, herbaceous Fernet Branca is balanced by the sweetness and effervescence of Coca-Cola. The combination is unexpectedly refreshing, and the Fernet's menthol and spice notes cut through the sweetness of the cola. The drink's popularity in Argentina is legendary; it's often considered the national drink and is consumed in vast quantities, especially among younger generations. While the exact origins of the combination are unclear, its spread can be attributed to the local production of Fernet Branca and the widespread availability of Coca-Cola. It's become a social ritual, often enjoyed during 'previas' (pre-parties) or as a digestif after meals. The drink's appeal lies in its contrasting flavors that somehow complement each other, making it a unique and beloved beverage. The ratio of Fernet to Coke is a matter of personal preference, but a common starting point is around 30% Fernet to 70% Coke, adjusted to taste.10:T4fc,The Gin Sour is a classic cocktail that balances the botanical notes of gin with the tartness of lemon juice and the sweetness of sugar. The addition of egg white, while optional, creates a silky smooth texture and a frothy head, elevating the drink's overall experience. Its origins can be traced back to the early days of cocktail making, evolving from simple punches to more refined concoctions. The Gin Sour is part of the larger 'sour' family of cocktails, characterized by a base spirit, citrus, and sweetener. The Gin Sour gained popularity during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, appearing in numerous cocktail books and becoming a staple in bars worldwide. It's a versatile drink that can be tailored to individual preferences by adjusting the sweetness or sourness levels. The quality of the gin significantly impacts the final flavor profile; London Dry gins are a common choice, providing a clean and crisp base, while more contemporary gins with unique botanical blends can add a modern twist. The Gin Sour remains a beloved choice for both seasoned cocktail enthusiasts and newcomers, appreciated for its simplicity, balance, and refreshing qualities. Its enduring popularity is a testament to its timeless appeal and the versatility of its basic formula.11:T409,The Bumbo is a historical rum punch, tracing back to the 17th and 18th centuries, often associated with sailors and maritime culture. It's a simple yet potent concoction designed for warmth and sustenance during long voyages. The drink’s precise origins are somewhat murky, but it's believed to have been a staple aboard ships, where rum was readily available and other ingredients like water, sugar, and nutmeg could be sourced or traded. As a drink of the sea, its recipe varied depending on available ingredients and the whims of the ship's cook or the sailors themselves. Over time, the Bumbo has evolved from a sailor's staple to a cocktail enjoyed for its historical significance and simple, satisfying flavor. Contemporary versions offer a taste of maritime history, providing a flavorful glimpse into the drinking habits of seafarers long ago. Today, the Bumbo serves as a reminder of the ingenuity and resourcefulness of sailors who created a palatable and fortifying beverage from the limited resources at their disposal.12:T545,The Mint Julep is a classic cocktail deeply rooted in American history, particularly associated with the Kentucky Derby. Its origins can be traced back to the early 18th century, where it was initially consumed as a medicinal drink. The word "julep" itself comes from the Persian word "gulab," meaning rosewater, which hints at the drink's aromatic past. Over time, the julep evolved from a medicinal concoction to a refreshing beverage enjoyed by the Southern elite. It gained significant popularity in the 19th century, becoming a symbol of Southern hospitality and refinement. The modern Mint Julep, featuring bourbon, mint, sugar, and crushed ice, became synonymous with the Kentucky Derby in 1938. Every year, Churchill Downs serves nearly 120,000 juleps during the Kentucky Derby weekend, solidifying its status as the Derby's signature drink. The drink represents a combination of simplicity and elegance, where the quality of ingredients and proper technique are paramount. The choice of bourbon is crucial, as it provides the backbone of the drink's flavor profile, while fresh mint infuses a refreshing herbal note. Crushed ice is essential for creating a frosty, thirst-quenching texture. A well-made Mint Julep should be a balanced blend of sweet, minty, and boozy flavors, served in a frosted silver or pewter cup to maintain its chill.13:T4f9,The Tequila Sunrise is a classic cocktail known for its vibrant appearance and refreshing flavor profile. The drink's visual appeal, resembling a sunrise with layered colors, contributes significantly to its popularity. It is believed to have originated in the early 1970s at the Trident Bar in Sausalito, California, attributed to bartenders Bobby Lozoff and Billy Rice. The original recipe included tequila, lime juice, crème de cassis, and soda water. The modern version, popularized by the Rolling Stones in 1972, substitutes orange juice for lime juice and grenadine for crème de cassis. This adaptation made the drink sweeter and easier to produce consistently. The Tequila Sunrise gained further prominence in the 1970s due to its association with the Eagles' song 'Tequila Sunrise,' solidifying its place in popular culture. The combination of sweet orange juice, smooth tequila, and the splash of grenadine makes for an easy-drinking and visually appealing cocktail. It is typically served in a tall glass, allowing the sunrise effect to be fully appreciated. The Tequila Sunrise is often enjoyed as a brunch cocktail or a light and refreshing drink on a warm day. Its simplicity and iconic status have made it a popular choice at bars and restaurants worldwide.14:T4e4,The Breakfast Martini, created by Salvatore Calabrese in 1990s, isn't your typical morning cocktail; it's an anytime sophisticated sipper. Inspired by his wife's love of marmalade on toast, Calabrese ingeniously translated that breakfast staple into a cocktail. The key is orange marmalade, which is not merely an ingredient but the soul of the drink. It provides a bittersweet citrus note that's both familiar and intriguing. Paired with gin, lemon juice, and a dash of orange liqueur, the Breakfast Martini strikes a delightful balance between sweet, sour, and boozy. The gin offers a botanical complexity that complements the marmalade's citrus notes. The lemon juice adds a necessary tartness, cutting through the sweetness and brightening the overall flavor. A touch of orange liqueur elevates the citrus profile, adding depth and aromatics. The Breakfast Martini stands as a testament to Calabrese's creativity and mastery of cocktail crafting. It's a drink that manages to be both comforting and elegant, making it a perfect choice for those seeking a unique and memorable cocktail experience. It's a modern classic that has found its place on cocktail menus worldwide, appreciated for its innovative flavor combination and its intriguing story.15:T436,Agua de Valencia is a refreshing and potent Spanish cocktail originating from Valencia. Its history begins in 1959 at the Cafe Madrid in Valencia, where regulars challenged the owner, Constante Gil, to create something new and exciting. Gil experimented and eventually concocted this blend of orange juice, cava (Spanish sparkling wine), vodka, and gin. Initially, it was exclusively served at the cafe, but its popularity quickly spread throughout Valencia and beyond. Today, it's a staple in many bars and households in Spain, particularly during festive occasions. The drink is typically served in large pitchers or jugs and shared among friends, embodying the convivial spirit of Spanish culture. Its vibrant color and citrusy aroma make it an appealing and festive choice. While the original recipe remains somewhat guarded, the core components are well-known, and many variations exist, with some bartenders adding a touch of simple syrup or other liqueurs to further customize the flavor profile. Be mindful of its high alcohol content and ensure responsible consumption.16:T4a1,The Rabo-de-galo, or "rooster's tail," is a classic Brazilian cocktail known for its simplicity and potent flavor. It is a staple in bars throughout Brazil and is often enjoyed as an aperitif or digestif. The drink's name likely refers to the multicolored pattern formed when the ingredients are mixed, resembling the tail feathers of a rooster. Traditionally, it is made with cachaça, a spirit distilled from sugarcane juice, and sweet vermouth. Some variations may include Cynar or other bitter liqueurs to add complexity. It is similar in concept to a Manhattan or Rob Roy, substituting cachaça for whiskey or scotch. The Rabo-de-galo is a testament to Brazil's rich drinking culture and highlights the versatility of cachaça in mixed drinks. Its straightforward preparation makes it accessible to both experienced bartenders and home enthusiasts. The key is the quality of cachaça used; a well-made cachaça will elevate the cocktail, showcasing the nuances of Brazilian sugarcane. While simple in its composition, the Rabo-de-galo offers a balance of sweetness, bitterness, and alcoholic strength that is both satisfying and refreshing, embodying the vibrant spirit of Brazil.17:T4a0,Glögg, a traditional mulled wine from Scandinavia, is a cherished beverage during the Christmas season. Its history traces back to medieval times when spiced wine was used as a preservative and medicinal drink. Over centuries, Glögg evolved into a festive concoction, symbolizing warmth and hospitality. The precise blend of spices varies by region and family tradition, often including cinnamon, cardamom, cloves, and ginger. Raisins and almonds are common additions, infusing the wine with sweetness and texture. The drink is heated gently, allowing the flavors to meld together, creating a comforting and aromatic experience. Served warm in small mugs, Glögg is often accompanied by gingerbread cookies or saffron buns, further enhancing the festive spirit. It represents a time for gathering with loved ones, sharing stories, and celebrating traditions that have been passed down through generations. Glögg's enduring popularity reflects its ability to evoke a sense of nostalgia and create a convivial atmosphere during the darkest and coldest months of the year. Variations exist throughout Scandinavia, with some recipes including port wine or aquavit for added complexity.18:T43d,The Red Russian is a simple yet potent cocktail composed of vodka and coffee liqueur. Its origins are somewhat debated, but it gained popularity in the mid-20th century. It is essentially a variation of the Black Russian, with the addition of cream, or milk, or left as is (clear). The drink is known for its strong flavor and relatively high alcohol content, deriving solely from the vodka and coffee liqueur. Its preparation is straightforward, making it a popular choice for both home bartenders and professional mixologists. The Red Russian offers a rich, coffee-forward flavor with a smooth, creamy texture and a significant kick, making it a favorite among those who appreciate strong, uncomplicated cocktails. The drink is typically served on the rocks, which helps to dilute the alcohol and chill the beverage, further enhancing its appeal. Over time, numerous variations of the Red Russian have emerged, each offering a unique twist on the classic recipe. However, the core combination of vodka and coffee liqueur remains the defining characteristic of this enduring cocktail.19:T454,The Porn Star Martini, created in 2002 by Douglas Ankrah at LAB Bar in London, is a modern classic known for its vibrant flavors and theatrical presentation. Ankrah aimed to create a drink that was both sexy and fun, reflected in its name and the ritualistic serving of a shot of Prosecco alongside the cocktail. The drink's popularity quickly spread, making it a staple in bars worldwide. The combination of vanilla vodka, passion fruit puree, passion fruit liqueur, and a hint of lime offers a balance of sweet, sour, and tropical notes. The accompanying Prosecco shot is intended to be sipped before the cocktail to cleanse the palate or after, to complement and enhance the overall experience. Its widespread appeal lies in its refreshing taste, visually appealing presentation, and the playful indulgence it represents, making it a favorite for celebratory occasions and a symbol of contemporary cocktail culture. The cocktail embodies a modern approach to mixology by building a multi-sensory experience, it is meant to evoke a feeling of luxury and excitement, contributing to its enduring popularity.1a:T482,The Bellini is a classic Italian cocktail that originated in Venice at Harry's Bar in 1948. It was created by Giuseppe Cipriani, the founder of the bar, who named it after the Venetian painter Giovanni Bellini, as the drink's unique pink color reminded him of the painter's use of color. The cocktail is a simple mix of Prosecco and peach purée. Traditionally, white peach purée is used, which gives the Bellini its signature delicate flavor and pale pink hue. The use of Prosecco, a sparkling wine from the Veneto region of Italy, adds a touch of elegance and celebratory fizz. While the Bellini is traditionally served as an aperitivo, it is also a popular brunch cocktail. The combination of sweet peach and sparkling wine makes it a light and refreshing choice. Variations exist, with some using peach nectar or other fruit purées, but the classic recipe remains the most cherished. The Bellini has become a symbol of Venetian culture and is enjoyed worldwide as a symbol of Italian elegance and the art of simple, high-quality ingredients. Its delicate sweetness and effervescence make it a perfect drink for celebrations or a relaxing afternoon.1b:T41e,The Airmail cocktail is a classic sparkling cocktail that evokes a sense of celebration and luxury. Its origins are traced back to Havana, Cuba, likely appearing in the 1930s, a period marked by glamorous travel and the golden age of cocktail culture. The combination of rum, lime juice, simple syrup, and sparkling wine creates a balanced and refreshing drink, reminiscent of warm tropical breezes and elegant soirées. Its light, effervescent quality makes it a perfect choice for brunch, afternoon gatherings, or any occasion that calls for a touch of sophistication. While its precise creator remains a mystery, the Airmail cocktail's enduring appeal is a testament to its simplicity and delicious flavor profile. It captures the essence of Cuban cocktail traditions, blending local rum with European sparkling wine, reflecting the cultural exchange and cosmopolitan atmosphere of pre-revolutionary Cuba. Over the years, the Airmail has found its way into countless cocktail books and bars around the world, cementing its status as a beloved classic.1c:T44e,The Smoked Vanilla Espresso Martini is a modern twist on the classic Espresso Martini, incorporating smoked elements and vanilla notes for a more complex and intriguing flavor profile. The drink combines the stimulating effects of espresso with the smoothness of vodka and the sweetness of coffee liqueur, further enhanced by the addition of vanilla syrup and a subtle smokiness achieved through the use of smoked salt or a smoked vanilla bean garnish. This variation elevates the traditional Espresso Martini to a sophisticated and memorable experience. The balance of bitter coffee, sweet vanilla, and smoky undertones creates a harmonious blend that is both energizing and indulgent, perfect as an after-dinner cocktail or a pick-me-up any time of day. It caters to those who appreciate nuanced flavors and a touch of elegance in their cocktails. The smoked element adds depth and intrigue, setting it apart from standard Espresso Martinis and making it a conversation starter. The vanilla complements the coffee beautifully, smoothing out any harsh edges and adding a layer of comforting sweetness.1d:T432,The Polar Bear cocktail is designed to be a refreshing and subtly sweet drink, perfect for warm weather or as an after-dinner digestif. Its name evokes a sense of icy coolness, which aligns with its crisp, clean flavor profile. The Polar Bear does not have a widely documented history, making it likely a more modern creation. Its simplicity and balance make it a versatile cocktail that can be easily adapted to suit different preferences. Some variations substitute the simple syrup with a flavored syrup, such as coconut or vanilla, to enhance the sweetness and add a layer of complexity. The addition of lime juice contributes to a vibrant citrus note, balancing the sweetness of the simple syrup and the rich, creamy texture of the cream. A dash of crème de menthe provides a refreshing, minty touch that complements the other ingredients. This is achieved without compromising the integrity of the overall profile, ensuring a harmonious blend of flavors. While its exact origins remain obscure, the Polar Bear is a delightful and balanced drink that's sure to please.1e:T4f6,The Monkey Gland cocktail is a pre-Prohibition era drink created by Harry MacElhone at Harry's New York Bar in Paris. Its suggestive name, alluding to rejuvenation therapies of the time, contrasts with its bright and citrusy flavor profile. Despite the eyebrow-raising moniker, the Monkey Gland is a well-balanced cocktail, showcasing the interplay of gin, orange juice, grenadine, and absinthe. The absinthe provides a subtle anise note, adding depth and intrigue to the drink. Grenadine adds sweetness and color, while fresh orange juice brings a necessary tartness. Although the unusual name might deter some, the Monkey Gland remains a testament to the creativity and boldness of early 20th-century cocktail culture. The drink's enduring popularity is a reflection of its palatable flavor profile and historical significance. It offers a glimpse into a time when cocktail names were less constrained and more playful, often referencing current events or societal trends. The Monkey Gland stands as a reminder that a memorable name, combined with a satisfying taste, can secure a cocktail's place in history. It's a conversation starter and a surprisingly approachable drink, perfect for those looking to explore classic cocktails with a touch of historical intrigue.1f:T4ad,The Sex on the Beach is a fruity and vibrant cocktail that gained popularity in the 1980s. Its origins are somewhat debated, but it is commonly believed to have been created as a marketing ploy in Florida. Bartenders were challenged to sell vodka and peach schnapps, and the name was designed to attract tourists by evoking the imagery of spring break. The cocktail is characterized by its blend of vodka, peach schnapps, cranberry juice, and orange juice, resulting in a sweet and tangy flavor profile that appeals to a wide range of palates. The combination of these ingredients creates a visually appealing drink with a reddish-orange hue. It's often associated with vacation and carefree fun. While not a sophisticated cocktail, its simplicity and refreshing nature have contributed to its enduring popularity and presence on cocktail menus worldwide. The drink is easy to make and customize, allowing for variations in sweetness and fruitiness to suit individual preferences. The Sex on the Beach remains a popular choice for casual gatherings and is appreciated for its nostalgic appeal and easy-drinking character. Its sweet and fruity flavor makes it a perfect choice on a warm summer day.20:T4bd,The Orgasm cocktail is a sweet, creamy, and indulgent drink, typically served as an after-dinner treat or dessert cocktail. Its name is suggestive and playful, reflecting its rich and satisfying flavor profile. While the exact origin is debated, it likely emerged in the late 20th century as a part of a wave of sweet, layered cocktails popular in bars and lounges. Its recipe isn't set in stone, and variations are common, but the core ingredients usually include coffee liqueur, Irish cream liqueur, cream liqueur and sometimes amaretto. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and satisfying blend of flavors and textures, making it a popular choice for those seeking a sweet and creamy cocktail experience. It's often served in a small glass due to its richness. Its popularity stems from its easy-to-remember recipe and the readily available ingredients. The orgasm cocktail can be layered carefully for visual appeal and a gentle blend, or shaken with ice for a colder, more thoroughly mixed drink. The proportions vary, with some recipes favoring a stronger coffee flavor while others emphasize the creamy sweetness. Regardless, it remains a staple on many bar menus due to its broad appeal and fun name.21:T58e,Curaçao Punch is a vibrant and flavorful cocktail with a rich history, often associated with celebratory occasions. Its roots trace back to the early days of punch-making, where spirits were combined with citrus, spices, and sweeteners to create communal drinks. The use of Curaçao liqueur, derived from the laraha citrus fruit grown on the island of Curaçao, distinguishes this punch, imparting a distinctive orange flavor and often a blue hue. Recipes for Curaçao Punch vary widely, reflecting regional and personal preferences, but typically include a base of rum and/or cognac, complemented by citrus juices (lemon, lime, or orange), sugar or syrup for sweetness, and aromatic spices like nutmeg or cinnamon. The punch is then diluted with water, soda water, or sparkling wine to achieve the desired strength and effervescence. Historically, punches were served in large bowls and shared among guests, symbolizing hospitality and camaraderie. Curaçao Punch embodies this spirit, offering a delightful blend of flavors that is both refreshing and sophisticated. Its colorful appearance and balanced taste make it a popular choice for parties and gatherings, adding a touch of elegance and festivity to any event. Modern variations may incorporate additional liqueurs, fruit garnishes, or creative twists on the classic recipe, but the core elements of citrus, spice, and Curaçao remain essential to its character.22:T497,The Clover Club is a classic pre-Prohibition cocktail that originated at the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel in Philadelphia. It was named after the Clover Club Society, a group of lawyers, writers, and other professionals who met in the hotel's bar. The drink gained popularity in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and was known for its delicate balance of sweet, sour, and slightly tart flavors, along with its distinctive foamy texture from the egg white. While the Clover Club's popularity waned after Prohibition, it has experienced a resurgence in recent years thanks to the renewed interest in classic cocktails. Modern mixologists appreciate its elegant simplicity and the opportunity to showcase high-quality ingredients. The cocktail represents a piece of cocktail history, a time when drinks were crafted with fresh ingredients and attention to detail. Its balanced profile and attractive appearance make it a favorite among those who appreciate sophisticated and flavorful concoctions. The Clover Club is a testament to the enduring appeal of well-made cocktails that stand the test of time, offering a glimpse into the past while remaining relevant in the present.23:T4f0,The Fluffy Duck is a rich, decadent cocktail known for its creamy texture and sweet, dessert-like flavor profile. It is a concoction that blends gin, Advocaat, white crème de cacao, fresh cream, and a touch of fizz. The combination results in a drink that is both comforting and indulgent, making it a popular choice for those with a sweet tooth or as an after-dinner treat. Its origins can be traced back to the 1970s, gaining popularity for its unique blend of textures and flavors. It is a testament to the era's experimental approach to mixology, focusing on creating enjoyable and memorable drinking experiences. Although relatively simple to prepare, the Fluffy Duck requires careful balancing of ingredients to achieve the desired velvety smoothness and sweetness. It is typically served in a coupe or cocktail glass, often without garnish to showcase its creamy appearance. This cocktail represents a departure from more traditional, spirit-forward drinks, embracing a sweeter, more approachable profile. It caters to a palate that enjoys creamy, dessert-like cocktails and is perfect for special occasions or casual gatherings. The cocktail is often linked with the Dutch spirit Advocaat, which contributes significantly to its unique flavor and texture.24:T404,The Blueberry Tea cocktail is a warm and comforting drink, despite its name containing neither tea nor blueberries. It is a derivative of coffee cocktails, designed to deliver a similar soothing experience with a distinct flavor profile. The cocktail relies on the amaretto to provide a rich, nutty base. The orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, adds a citrusy sweetness that complements the amaretto and enhances the overall aroma. Combining these with the warming sensation from the hot water mimics the experience of drinking a fragrant, non-alcoholic herbal tea. It is often enjoyed during colder months and is a popular choice in bars and restaurants as a sophisticated and flavorful hot beverage alternative. The cocktail is not intensely alcoholic, which makes it a perfect option for individuals looking for a flavorful drink without a high alcohol content. The simplicity of its components makes it very easy to reproduce and customize at home, and its flavors are generally perceived as sweet, nutty and lightly citrusy.25:T40c,The Amaretto Sour is a cocktail that showcases the unique flavor of amaretto liqueur. While its exact origins are debated, it gained popularity in the 1970s and 1980s as a sweet and easy-to-drink option. The modern resurgence focuses on balancing the sweetness with fresh lemon juice and egg white for a smoother texture and more complex flavor profile. The addition of bitters further enhances the drink's complexity. It is a sour-style cocktail, modified to accentuate the nutty and almond-like notes of the amaretto. The drink provides an interplay between the sweet almond, citrus, and slight bitterness that is enhanced through the balance of ingredients and preparation, appealing to those who enjoy a sweet-and-sour flavor combination. The use of egg white adds a velvety texture, elevating the overall drinking experience and providing a rich mouthfeel that complements the other ingredients. Garnishing with a lemon peel and cherry provides visual appeal and aromatic elements that contribute to the overall sensory experience.26:T50a,The Long Island Iced Tea is a potent cocktail that, despite its name, contains no tea. Its creation is often attributed to Robert "Rosebud" Butt in 1972 at the Oak Beach Inn on Long Island, New York. Butt concocted the drink as an entry in a contest to create a new mixed drink using triple sec. The drink quickly gained popularity due to its deceivingly sweet taste, which masks its high alcohol content. The combination of multiple spirits makes it a strong drink, while the addition of cola gives it the appearance of iced tea. Today, the Long Island Iced Tea is a popular choice in bars and restaurants worldwide, known for its strength and its ability to deliver a considerable alcoholic punch. Variations of the drink exist, but the core components of vodka, gin, rum, tequila, triple sec, and a sour mix remain consistent. The Long Island Iced Tea is a testament to the art of mixology, where seemingly disparate ingredients can come together to create a uniquely palatable and potent beverage. It is often enjoyed during social gatherings, parties, and casual nights out. The drink's popularity has solidified its place as a modern classic in the world of cocktails. As an additional point, some modern variations use simple syrup instead of coca cola and a lemon wedge for garnish.27:T4b6,The Incredible Hulk, also known as the Green-Eyed Monster, is a vibrant and potent cocktail known for its striking green hue and powerful flavor profile. This drink gained popularity in the early 2000s and is commonly attributed to celebrity endorsements. The cocktail is a relatively modern creation, deviating from classic cocktail recipes. It combines the sophistication of Cognac with the clean potency of vodka. It's designed to be visually appealing with a strong flavor that balances sweetness and booziness. The drink is named for its resemblance to the fictional superhero, emphasizing its powerful nature. While not a sophisticated cocktail in the traditional sense, it holds popularity in modern bars due to its simplicity and eye-catching appearance. It is often enjoyed in social settings due to its vibrant color and strong impact. Its simplicity makes it easy to reproduce even without extensive mixology skills. The flavor profile is aimed toward a sweeter taste, which appeals to a broad consumer segment. It is a relatively high-alcohol cocktail and is intended for responsible consumption. The drink is usually ordered based on its name and color rather than the complex flavor elements.28:T43a,Jagertee, also known as Hüttentee, is a traditional Austrian spirit, a warming and potent concoction perfect for cold mountain evenings. It's a staple in ski resorts and alpine huts, known for its ability to quickly warm the body and lift the spirits. The drink typically combines a blend of black tea, red wine, and a mixture of potent spirits and liqueurs, infused with spices and fruit. Each family or establishment often holds its own secret recipe, resulting in slight variations in flavor and potency. Jagertee is more than just a drink; it's an integral part of the Austrian alpine culture, embodying warmth, conviviality, and the spirit of the mountains. It's often enjoyed during après-ski, offering a comforting and invigorating end to a day on the slopes. While recipes may vary, the core elements of strong spirits, spiced tea, and warming fruit notes remain consistent, ensuring a robust and flavorful experience. Jagertee is typically served hot, releasing its aromatic spices and allowing the alcohol to mingle harmoniously, creating a uniquely satisfying beverage.29:T464,The Flaming Volcano is a potent and visually stunning tiki cocktail, typically served in a communal bowl designed to resemble a volcano. Its origins are often attributed to tiki bars of the mid-20th century, like Don the Beachcomber or Trader Vic's, although a definitive origin story remains elusive. The drink is characterized by its blend of multiple rums, brandy, and tropical fruit juices, resulting in a sweet, strong, and complex flavor profile. The 'flaming' aspect is achieved by soaking a sugar cube in high-proof alcohol and setting it alight, creating a dramatic and theatrical presentation. This cocktail is meant for sharing and embodies the spirit of tiki culture: exotic flavors, strong spirits, and a sense of convivial celebration. It's often served with long straws, encouraging guests to partake together in this fiery concoction. The flaming element is a key part of the experience, adding warmth and visual appeal, while the combination of sweet and strong elements makes it a memorable and potent drink. The Flaming Volcano exemplifies the escapism and adventure that tiki cocktails sought to provide.2a:T4f4,Tschunk is a simple highball cocktail that has gained considerable popularity, particularly within specific subcultures in Germany. It’s characterized by its straightforward combination of dark rum, most often Stroh Rum 80, and Club-Mate, a caffeinated soda known for its earthy and herbal flavor profile. The drink's simplicity and relatively high caffeine content have contributed to its appeal as a functional and social beverage. The exact origins of the drink are murky, but it is generally accepted that Tschunk evolved in alternative and hacker circles during the late 20th and early 21st centuries. Its popularity quickly spread through word of mouth, and it is now a commonly ordered drink in various bars and clubs across Germany and increasingly known internationally. It is known for its simple preparation. The name Tschunk is evocative and unique, but its etymology is debated. Some believe it is a portmanteau of 'Tschunk' (related to a slurring sound or activity) and 'drunk,' reflecting its intoxicating nature and impact. Others suggest it simply sounds cool and has no particular meaning, in true internet fashion. Tschunk reflects a blend of counter-cultural influences and a pragmatic approach to creating a functional and easy-to-make beverage.2b:T4a0,The Porchcrawler is a potent and refreshing cocktail known for its deceptively easy-drinking nature. It's a blend of white rum, gin, vodka, lemon juice, and simple syrup, creating a sweet and sour concoction that can quickly sneak up on you. The drink's name suggests its ability to render one unable to walk straight after consumption, hinting at its high alcohol content. Its precise origins are somewhat murky, but it likely emerged as a backyard experiment among those seeking a strong and flavorful cocktail. The Porchcrawler embodies the spirit of carefree summer days and convivial gatherings, making it a popular choice for outdoor events and casual get-togethers. Despite its potent alcoholic composition, the blend of citrus and sweetness makes it surprisingly palatable, masking the strength of the individual spirits. This cocktail is best enjoyed responsibly and with caution, given its potential for rapid intoxication. It is a testament to the art of mixing spirits in a way that creates a harmonious and enjoyable, albeit strong, beverage. The balance of flavors ensures that no single spirit overpowers the others, resulting in a complex and layered taste experience.2c:T5ef,Quentão, meaning "very hot" or "big hot one" in Portuguese, is a traditional Brazilian hot drink served during the Festa Junina (June Festival). These festivals are celebrated throughout Brazil during the month of June and feature music, dance, and traditional foods and drinks. Quentão is particularly popular in the southern states of Brazil, where the weather is cooler during this time of year. The drink is a warming and aromatic concoction, typically made with cachaça (a spirit distilled from sugarcane juice), ginger, cinnamon, cloves, sugar, and citrus fruits. The mixture is simmered together, allowing the flavors to meld and infuse the cachaça, creating a beverage that is both comforting and festive. Variations exist, with some recipes including apples, star anise, or other spices. Quentão is usually served hot in mugs or glasses, and it is often enjoyed outdoors around bonfires or at street fairs. Its warming properties and spicy-sweet flavor make it a perfect drink for chilly evenings and celebratory occasions, embodying the spirit of Brazilian hospitality and tradition. The aroma of Quentão simmering on the stove is a familiar and welcoming scent during Festa Junina, evoking feelings of community and celebration. It's a simple drink to prepare but its complex flavors make it a true Brazilian classic, deeply rooted in the country's cultural heritage and culinary traditions. Enjoying a cup of Quentão is a way to experience the warmth and joy of Festa Junina, no matter where you are.2d:T443,The U-Boot cocktail, also known as a Depth Charge, is a simple but potent mixed drink. Its creation is attributed to resourceful sailors seeking a quick and strong beverage. The term 'U-Boot,' German for submarine, lends a sense of intrigue and danger, reflecting the drink's potentially overwhelming nature if consumed carelessly. The combination of rum and beer results in a drink that is boozy and not generally regarded for refined taste, but for its sheer strength and the quick, intense kick it delivers. It's a straightforward layering technique rather than true mixing that creates the U-Boot’s distinctive effect, resulting in a drink of contrasting textures and tastes initially, followed by a unified, albeit potent, experience. Its simplicity has made it popular amongst those seeking a fast-acting and cost-effective alcoholic beverage, especially in informal settings where subtlety isn't a priority. While not a cocktail in the classic sense, the U-Boot provides an interesting look at the intersection of cultures and the desire for potent drinks across varied backgrounds.2e:T4f3,The Hurricane is a potent and sweet rum-based cocktail that originated in New Orleans. Its creation is attributed to Pat O'Brien's bar in the 1940s. Faced with a surplus of rum, due to distribution deals, O'Brien sought a way to move the excess spirit. He served the drink in a glass shaped like a hurricane lamp, hence the name. The original Hurricane was likely simpler than many modern versions, focusing on the combination of rum, passion fruit juice, and lime. Over time, variations have emerged, incorporating different fruit juices and sweeteners to tailor the flavor profile. The Hurricane quickly became a popular tourist drink, synonymous with the festive atmosphere of New Orleans. Its vibrant color and sweet taste make it an appealing choice, although its high alcohol content warrants caution. While often associated with Bourbon Street revelry, the Hurricane remains a significant part of New Orleans cocktail history, representing resourcefulness and adaptation in the face of market demands. The drink is typically served in a large, curvy glass that resembles a hurricane lamp, amplifying its visual appeal and contributing to its celebratory image. Different bars offer their variations, each attempting to create a unique and memorable experience.2f:T516,The Blue Hawaiian is a tropical cocktail that embodies the spirit of the islands with its vibrant color and fruity flavors. It is a variation of the Piña Colada, distinguished by the addition of blue curaçao, which imparts both its striking hue and a subtle orange flavor. The drink is traditionally made with white rum, vodka, pineapple juice, cream of coconut, and blue curaçao. Served over ice, it offers a refreshing and visually appealing experience, making it a popular choice for vacationers and those seeking a taste of paradise. The precise origin of the Blue Hawaiian is somewhat debated, but it is generally believed to have emerged in the mid-20th century, likely coinciding with the increasing popularity of Hawaiian-themed bars and restaurants. Its success can be attributed to its balance of sweet and fruity notes, combined with its eye-catching presentation. The Blue Hawaiian quickly became a staple of poolside bars and luaus, solidifying its place in cocktail culture as a symbol of relaxation and tropical indulgence. While it may not be the most complex or sophisticated cocktail, its simplicity and crowd-pleasing flavors have ensured its enduring appeal. The drink perfectly encapsulates the escapist allure of a tropical getaway, offering a taste of the exotic in every sip.30:T4ad,The Lynchburg Lemonade is a refreshing and deceptively potent cocktail that gained popularity in the 1980s. It is named after Lynchburg, Tennessee, home of the Jack Daniel's distillery. The cocktail's creation is somewhat debated, with various stories attributing its origin to different bartenders in the area. Regardless of its exact genesis, the Lynchburg Lemonade quickly became a signature drink associated with the distillery and the town. The cocktail's appeal lies in its balance of sweet, sour, and boozy flavors, making it a crowd-pleaser, especially during warm weather. Its simple construction and readily available ingredients have contributed to its widespread adoption in bars and home settings. While variations exist, the classic recipe features whiskey, triple sec, lemon juice, and simple syrup, topped with lemon-lime soda for effervescence and a touch of sweetness. The drink's popularity has led to the Jack Daniel's company officially endorsing and marketing a version of it, further solidifying its place in cocktail culture. Its bright, citrusy profile and easy-drinking nature make it a favorite for casual gatherings and backyard barbecues. This drink is sure to please!31:T4af,The Mango Sour is a vibrant and tropical twist on the classic sour cocktail. It combines the smooth and neutral profile of vodka with the sweet and tangy flavors of mango, balanced by the acidity of lime juice. This cocktail is relatively modern, likely emerging in the late 20th or early 21st century as bartenders began experimenting with exotic fruit purees and modern mixology techniques. The use of fresh mango puree distinguishes it from simply using mango-flavored liqueurs or syrups, creating a more authentic and intense fruit flavor. The addition of a small amount of simple syrup enhances the sweetness, while egg white (optional) adds a silky texture and a visually appealing foamy head. The Mango Sour is perfect for those seeking a refreshing and fruity drink, particularly during warmer months. Its balance of sweet, sour, and subtly boozy notes makes it a crowd-pleaser, suitable for both casual gatherings and more sophisticated settings. The garnish of a mango slice or a lime wheel adds a final touch of elegance and reinforces the cocktail's key flavors. Its simplicity allows for easy adaptation, making it a popular choice for both home bartenders and professional mixologists.32:T43d,Hoppelpoppel, also spelled Hoppel poppel, is a traditional German and Austrian drink, often served warm. It's essentially a boozy, custardy concoction that's perfect for colder weather or as a comforting dessert beverage. The exact origins are somewhat hazy, like many traditional drinks passed down through generations. The base usually involves eggs, milk or cream, sugar, and a spirit such as rum or genever, or even brandy. Recipes vary from family to family, region to region, with personal preferences dictating the final outcome. Some versions include spices like cinnamon or nutmeg for added warmth and complexity. Think of it as a cross between eggnog and a hot toddy, adapted to use readily available ingredients and local tastes of Central Europe. It's more commonly homemade than commercially produced, embodying the spirit of cozy, home-spun hospitality. The rich, creamy texture and the warming alcoholic kick make it a delightful and satisfying beverage, particularly during the winter months or festive occasions. It is often enjoyed after a meal or as a special treat.33:T446,Moose Milk is a rich, creamy, and potent cocktail, often associated with winter gatherings and festive occasions. Its origins are somewhat hazy, with different regions and groups claiming their own variations. Generally, Moose Milk combines a blend of spirits with dairy and sweetening agents to create a smooth, indulgent beverage. This version balances the strong spirits with a creamy body, complemented by vanilla and chocolate notes. While specific historical records are scarce, Moose Milk-type drinks have likely been concocted for generations in colder climates as a way to warm up and celebrate. Variations range from simple mixtures of milk, rum, and sugar to more elaborate recipes incorporating multiple spirits, liqueurs, and spices. The unifying characteristic is a spirit-forward, creamy profile suitable for festive enjoyment and convivial settings. It is a true celebration of flavors, combining a variety of different liquors for a potent, sweet, and creamy experience. The warm flavors combined with the creamy texture makes it a perfect after-dinner drink for winter months.34:T603,The Cuban Sunset is a vibrant and visually appealing cocktail designed to evoke the vivid colors of a Caribbean sunset. While not steeped in documented historical lore like some classic cocktails, its creation is a testament to the evolution of mixology, focusing on fresh ingredients and balanced flavors. It likely emerged in the late 20th or early 21st century, a period marked by the global expansion of cocktail culture and an emphasis on tropical and refreshing drinks. The combination of rum, pineapple juice, grenadine, and lime creates a harmonious blend of sweet, tart, and fruity notes. The layered effect achieved by carefully pouring the grenadine after the other ingredients mimics the gradient of colors seen during a sunset, enhancing the overall drinking experience. This cocktail embodies the spirit of innovation and creativity within the bartending community, showcasing how traditional ingredients can be reimagined to create new and exciting flavor combinations. Its popularity stems from its approachable taste profile, making it an ideal choice for both casual drinkers and cocktail enthusiasts alike. The Cuban Sunset represents the modern cocktail era's embrace of visual presentation and flavorful experiences, emphasizing the artistry and craftsmanship involved in creating memorable drinks. It stands as a reminder that cocktails can be more than just alcoholic beverages; they can be works of art that capture a moment in time or a specific feeling, in this case, the tranquility and beauty of a Cuban sunset.35:T467,The Whiskey and Coke, also known as a Cuba Libre without the lime, is a simple yet satisfying highball cocktail. Its origins are somewhat hazy, but it likely emerged in the early 20th century as Coca-Cola became increasingly popular and widely available. The drink's appeal lies in its easy preparation and the readily accessible ingredients. It gained traction quickly due to its refreshing nature and customizable strength. The combination of whiskey and cola offers a balance of sweet and subtly spicy flavors. Different types of whiskey can be used, such as bourbon, rye, or Scotch, each imparting a unique character to the drink. Bourbon brings vanilla and caramel notes, rye adds a spicy edge, and Scotch offers a smoky depth. The simplicity of the Whiskey and Coke has solidified its place as a staple in bars and homes worldwide, allowing for both casual enjoyment and easy adaptation to individual preferences. It’s a versatile drink that’s as enjoyable at a backyard barbecue as it is at a sophisticated cocktail lounge. The enduring popularity of this highball underscores its accessibility and universal appeal.36:T465,The Penicillin is a modern classic cocktail created in 2005 by Sam Ross at Milk & Honey in New York City. It's a variation on the Gold Rush, a whiskey sour made with honey syrup. Ross's Penicillin distinguishes itself by adding ginger and a float of smoky Islay Scotch. The cocktail is a delightful balance of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors, with a pronounced smoky aroma. The ginger adds a warm, spicy kick that complements the honey's sweetness, while the lemon juice provides a refreshing tartness. The Islay Scotch, typically Laphroaig, adds a layer of complexity with its distinctive peaty and medicinal notes. The Penicillin quickly gained popularity for its innovative flavor combination and has become a staple in many cocktail bars worldwide. It is often cited as one of the most influential cocktails of the 21st century. The drink's name suggests its supposed medicinal properties, hinting at the soothing qualities of honey, ginger, and whisky, though it is mostly a playful reference. It's a sophisticated and balanced cocktail suitable for both whisky enthusiasts and those looking for a more adventurous drink.37:T47e,The Dark 'n' Stormy is a simple yet iconic highball cocktail officially trademarked by Gosling's Brothers Ltd of Bermuda. This drink is a harmonious blend of dark rum and ginger beer, creating a balance of sweet, spicy, and boozy flavors. Its origins are firmly rooted in Bermuda, where Gosling's rum has been produced since 1806, and the cocktail emerged in the early 20th century. The combination of the locally made rum with ginger beer, often Barritt's Ginger Beer also from Bermuda or another high-quality brand, quickly gained popularity among sailors and locals alike. Gosling's holds the trademark for the Dark 'n' Stormy, stipulating that it must be made with their Black Seal Rum and ginger beer to be officially called by that name. Beyond Bermuda, the cocktail has become a global favorite, especially popular in sailing communities. Its easy preparation and refreshing taste have made it a staple at bars and gatherings worldwide. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and the interplay of its two main ingredients: the robust, molasses-rich rum and the zesty, spicy ginger beer, creating a unique and satisfying drinking experience.38:T4d4,The Jack Rose is a classic cocktail dating back to the early 20th century. Its distinctive pink hue comes from grenadine, which balances the tartness of the apple brandy and lemon juice. The cocktail gained popularity in the pre-Prohibition era and was a favorite at establishments like the Knickerbocker Hotel in New York. There are varied origin stories, with some linking it to a bartender named Frank J. Rose, while others suggest it's named after a notorious gangster called 'Bald Jack' Rose. Regardless of its specific origin, the Jack Rose remains a well-regarded cocktail for its balance and refreshing character. The balance between sweet, sour, and the underlying apple notes makes the drink simultaneously approachable and complex. It fell out of favor for a time but has seen a resurgence in popularity with the revival of classic cocktails. Modern variations exist, but the classic recipe continues to be a benchmark for apple brandy cocktails. Using high-quality apple brandy is crucial for achieving the desired flavor profile. The quality of the grenadine also significantly impacts the overall taste and color of the drink. A well-made Jack Rose is a testament to the timeless appeal of simple, well-balanced cocktails.39:T4a8,The My Fair Lady is a delightful and refreshing cocktail that balances floral, fruity, and slightly tart notes. It is a relatively modern creation, lacking a deep historical background compared to some classics, but its balanced profile and elegant presentation have earned it a place in contemporary cocktail menus. The drink showcases the versatility of gin, blending it with apricot brandy for a subtle sweetness and floral nuance. Fresh lemon juice contributes a vibrant acidity, while grenadine adds a touch of color and additional fruitiness. The egg white, though optional, lends a silky smooth texture, elevating the drinking experience. While the exact origins remain somewhat obscure, the My Fair Lady is appreciated for its harmonious blend of flavors and its ability to appeal to a wide range of palates. It's a great choice for those seeking a well-balanced and visually appealing cocktail that is neither overly sweet nor excessively tart. Its lightness makes it suitable as an aperitif or a refreshing drink on a warm day. The cocktail embodies a sense of sophisticated simplicity, reminiscent of the elegance and charm associated with its namesake, the musical 'My Fair Lady'.3a:T4fe,The Japanese Slipper is a vibrant and visually appealing cocktail known for its sweet and fruity flavor profile. Created in 1984 by Jean-Paul Bourguignon at Mietta's Restaurant in Melbourne, Australia, it showcases the harmonious blend of Midori melon liqueur, Cointreau, and lemon juice. This combination results in a refreshing and well-balanced drink that's easy to enjoy. The cocktail's bright green color, derived from the Midori, contributes to its popularity, making it a favorite for those who appreciate both taste and presentation. The drink gained popularity in the 1980s and is still a well-known cocktail today. Its simple recipe makes it easy to recreate at home, while its sophisticated flavors make it a suitable choice for cocktail parties or a quiet evening. The Japanese Slipper represents a playful yet refined approach to cocktail making, inviting drinkers to indulge in a touch of sweetness and zest. The use of Midori, a relatively modern liqueur compared to others, highlights the cocktail's contemporary roots and appeal. The cocktail's name evokes a sense of exoticism, adding to its allure. Overall, the Japanese Slipper is a testament to the creativity and innovation in cocktail culture, offering a delightful experience for the palate and the eyes.3b:T47a,The Barracuda is a sparkling cocktail that offers a delightful combination of rum, Galliano, pineapple juice, lime juice, and Prosecco. It's a relatively modern creation, gaining popularity in the early 2010s, and is known for its vibrant flavors and bubbly effervescence. The cocktail provides a balanced profile of sweetness, acidity, and subtle herbal notes, making it a refreshing and celebratory choice. The Barracuda is often served in a champagne flute or coupe, highlighting its elegant presentation. The drink's appeal lies in its simplicity and ability to cater to a wide range of palates. The combination of rum and Galliano adds complexity, while the pineapple and lime juices bring a tropical and tangy edge. The addition of Prosecco elevates the drink with its delicate bubbles and dry finish. The Barracuda is a testament to the mixological trend of creating accessible yet sophisticated cocktails that are both visually appealing and enjoyable to drink. It’s suitable for casual gatherings, celebratory events, or as a delightful aperitif before a meal. It's a crowd-pleaser due to its balanced flavors and approachable profile.3c:T519,The Kir Royale is a variation of the classic Kir cocktail, which is simply white wine topped with crème de cassis (blackcurrant liqueur). The 'Royale' element indicates the use of champagne instead of white wine, elevating the drink into a celebratory and luxurious cocktail. The Kir Royale became popular in the mid-20th century, particularly in France, and has since gained international recognition as an elegant and easy-to-make aperitif. It's often served at weddings, parties, and other special occasions. While the classic recipe calls for crème de cassis, other fruit liqueurs like raspberry (crème de framboise) or peach (crème de pêche) can be used to create variations. The Kir Royale is appreciated for its simplicity, delightful color, and refreshing taste, making it a perfect welcome drink or a light cocktail to enjoy any time of year. The drink's appealing color and effervescence contribute to its widespread appeal. Its subtle sweetness and fruity notes make it a crowd-pleaser, suitable for those who prefer lighter and less boozy cocktails. The cocktail is named after Félix Kir, a mayor of Dijon in Burgundy, France, who popularized the drink after World War II. He used the drink as a way to promote regional products, namely Burgundy Aligoté white wine and crème de cassis.3d:T536,The Fuzzy Navel is a simple and popular highball cocktail known for its sweet and fruity flavor. It's a combination of peach schnapps and orange juice, making it an easy-to-drink and refreshing beverage. While its exact origins are unclear, it gained popularity in the 1980s and has remained a staple in casual bars and gatherings. Its accessibility and uncomplicated preparation have contributed to its enduring appeal. The name "Fuzzy Navel" is a playful combination of the "fuzzy" texture of peaches and the "navel" orange, representing the two main ingredients. The drink is often associated with warm weather and social occasions, being a light and enjoyable option for those who prefer sweeter cocktails. The Fuzzy Navel is rarely found in high end cocktail bars, but remains popular due to ease of preparation, availability of ingredients, and flavor profile. While not particularly complex, it serves as a pleasant and approachable introduction to mixed drinks, especially for those new to cocktail culture. Over time, the basic recipe has spawned numerous variations, with some adding vodka or other spirits to increase the alcoholic content or adjust the flavor balance. However, the classic combination of peach schnapps and orange juice remains the defining characteristic of this cocktail, which is very sweet and fruity.3e:T5eb,The La Louisiane is a sophisticated New Orleans cocktail with a complex and layered flavor profile. Created in the early 20th century, likely at the Restaurant de la Louisiane, it's a variation on the Sazerac and the Manhattan. The drink combines rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, Benedictine, and absinthe, resulting in a bittersweet and herbal concoction. Its rich history reflects the blending of cultures and flavors that define New Orleans cocktail tradition. While the precise origins are debated, the drink gained popularity in the early 1900s and remains a classic choice for those seeking a complex and spirit-forward cocktail. The interplay of the spicy rye, the herbal Benedictine, and the aromatic absinthe creates a truly unique and memorable drinking experience. Today, the La Louisiane stands as a testament to the creativity and innovation of early mixologists and continues to be enjoyed by cocktail enthusiasts around the world. Its intricate balance of flavors and historical significance make it a must-try for anyone interested in exploring the rich heritage of classic cocktails. Experiment with the proportions to fine-tune it to your individual palate. It's a drink that rewards careful consideration and appreciation. Remember that high-quality ingredients are key to achieving the best possible result. Adjust sweetness and bitterness as needed by adding simple syrup or bitters. Consider aging the cocktail in a sealed bottle in the fridge for a week to allow for the flavors to meld together.3f:T451,The Aviation is a classic cocktail created in the early 20th century by Hugo Ensslin, head bartender at the Hotel Wallick in New York City. Its defining characteristic is its sky-blue hue, achieved through the use of crème de violette, a violet liqueur. The original recipe called for gin, lemon juice, maraschino liqueur, and crème de violette. The crème de violette imparts a floral aroma and a delicate violet flavor. Due to the scarcity of crème de violette in later years, some bartenders omitted it, resulting in a drink that lacked the distinctive color and floral notes of the original. Modern revivals of the Aviation cocktail typically include crème de violette to stay true to the original recipe. The balance of the drink hinges on the interplay between the dry gin, the tart lemon juice, the subtle sweetness of maraschino liqueur, and the floral complexity of the violet liqueur. A well-made Aviation is a refreshing and sophisticated cocktail that evokes a sense of elegance and history. The drink is often served in a coupe or martini glass and garnished with a cherry or lemon twist.40:T42d,The Mary Pickford cocktail, named after the famous silent film actress, is a delightful and refreshing drink that emerged during the Prohibition era. It's believed to have originated in Havana, Cuba, where Mary Pickford was filming a movie. The drink quickly gained popularity due to its balanced sweetness, slight tartness, and tropical notes. The combination of white rum, pineapple juice, grenadine, and maraschino liqueur creates a harmonious blend of flavors that is both easy to drink and sophisticated. Its elegant presentation, often garnished with a maraschino cherry, adds to its allure. The Mary Pickford cocktail captures the glamour and spirit of the Roaring Twenties, offering a taste of classic Hollywood charm. It is a simple yet elegant cocktail that reflects the era and persona of its namesake. Its enduring appeal is a testament to its well-balanced flavor profile and its connection to a celebrated figure of early cinema. The cocktail remains a popular choice for those seeking a taste of vintage glamour and a perfectly balanced, fruity libation.41:T5c6,Leite de Onça, translating to 'Jaguar's Milk', is a creamy, potent Brazilian cocktail, that bridges the gap between a dessert drink and a strong, spirit-forward concoction. While its exact origins are murky, it's believed to have emerged from the vibrant bar scene of São Paulo, possibly as a playful twist on traditional Brazilian ingredients and flavors. The cocktail is known for its velvety texture, achieved through the blending of condensed milk and cream, which creates a rich canvas for the cachaça's spirituous punch. Egg yolks contribute additional creaminess and body, while chocolate powder adds a subtle hint of cocoa, balancing the sweetness and alcohol content. It is typically served chilled and garnished with grated chocolate, further enhancing its decadent appeal. Due to its high calorie and alcohol content, Leite de Onça is often enjoyed as an after-dinner drink or a special treat. Its name evokes a sense of exoticism and strength, reflecting both its Brazilian heritage and its powerful flavor profile. The cocktail's popularity has spread beyond Brazil, appealing to those seeking a unique and indulgent drinking experience. It is a testament to the creative ways that traditional ingredients can be transformed into innovative and memorable cocktails. The drink is enjoyed for its distinctive combination of sweetness, spirituous character, and creamy texture, making it a favorite among those with a sweet tooth and a penchant for strong flavors.42:T4ad,The Alabama Slammer is a sweet, fruity cocktail known for its potent combination of amaretto, Southern Comfort, sloe gin, and orange juice. It's often associated with college parties and a generally fun, unpretentious atmosphere. While its exact origins are murky, the drink gained popularity in the 1980s. The equal parts approach makes it easy to batch, contributing to its appeal. It's a vibrant, crowd-pleasing drink that favors sweetness over subtlety. Although not considered a sophisticated cocktail, its straightforward flavor and high alcohol content have secured its place in popular drinking culture. It is often served in a tall glass over ice. The Alabama Slammer's appeal lies in its simplicity and ability to deliver a flavorful, boozy experience. The combination of amaretto and Southern Comfort creates a distinctive sweetness, while the sloe gin adds a touch of tartness and complexity. Orange juice further complements the blend, providing a refreshing citrus note. While individual recipes vary, the core ingredients typically remain consistent. This cocktail is a testament to how a few readily available ingredients can come together to create a memorable and enduring drink.43:T45b,The Daiquiri is a simple yet elegant cocktail that showcases the harmonious balance between sweet, sour, and spirituous elements. Its origins can be traced back to Cuba in the late 19th century, purportedly invented by an American mining engineer named Jennings Cox. As the story goes, Cox ran out of gin while entertaining guests and improvised by mixing local rum with lime juice and sugar. The drink was named after the nearby Daiquiri mines. The Daiquiri quickly gained popularity, especially among Americans visiting Cuba during the Prohibition era. It found its way into literary circles and became a favorite of Ernest Hemingway, who popularized variations like the Papa Doble. The classic Daiquiri is a testament to the power of simplicity, proving that a well-made drink doesn't require a long list of ingredients. Its enduring appeal lies in its refreshing character and its ability to be customized with different fruits and flavors, while still retaining the core essence of rum, lime, and sugar. The Daiquiri remains a staple on cocktail menus worldwide, celebrated for its clean taste and versatility.44:T489,The El Presidente is a classic Cuban cocktail that predates the Cuban Revolution. Its origins are somewhat debated, but it is believed to have been created in honor of a Cuban president, possibly Mario García Menocal, sometime in the early 20th century. The drink gained popularity among American tourists visiting Cuba during the Prohibition era, becoming a staple in Havana bars. The El Presidente is a sophisticated and balanced cocktail. It shares similarities with the Manhattan and Martini families, but with a distinct Cuban flair. The use of white rum distinguishes it, offering a lighter and more vibrant base compared to whiskey or gin. The original recipe likely used French vermouth (dry), but Italian vermouth (sweet) is the modern preference. A dash of grenadine adds a subtle sweetness and a touch of color, while orange curaçao contributes citrus notes and complexity. Some variations use a small amount of simple syrup in place of the grenadine. The cocktail is typically served straight up in a chilled coupe or martini glass and garnished with an orange peel. This cocktail represents a bygone era of Cuban elegance and cocktail innovation.45:T458,The Tom and Jerry is a warm, comforting cocktail perfect for cold weather. It's essentially a hot batter mixed with spirits and hot water or milk. The batter is typically made with eggs, sugar, spices (such as cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves), and sometimes butter or cream. The drink is traditionally served in a mug and garnished with grated nutmeg. Its origins are often attributed to Pierce Egan, a British sports writer, who created it in the 1820s. While Egan may have popularized it, similar hot egg-based drinks existed before. The Tom and Jerry gained immense popularity in the United States, particularly during the 19th and early 20th centuries. Pre-made Tom and Jerry batter mixes were even commercially available, simplifying the preparation process. While its popularity has waned somewhat in recent years, the Tom and Jerry remains a beloved holiday tradition for many families. Its warming spices and creamy texture evoke feelings of nostalgia and festive cheer. The preparation is somewhat involved compared to simpler cocktails, but the resulting drink is a truly special and memorable experience.46:T4fd,Although often credited to Pierce Egan in the 1820s, similar hot egg drinks existed before. Source: David Wondrich, Imbibe! (Revised and Updated Edition) (2015). First recipe appeared in print in 1854. Source: Jerry Thomas, How to Mix Drinks (1862). Variations are numerous, but this is a widely accepted recipe and historical data is correct as of October 26, 2023, 12:18 PST. All volumes are approximate only, and can be altered to suit your specific tastes. This recipe can be adjusted to suit different taste preferences (sweeter, spicier, boozier). Batches of the 'batter' may be pre-made and frozen for later use. This can be made using an immersion blender instead of whisking for a smoother and more integrated consistency. Milk can be replaced with hot water, although it changes the experience significantly and is not recommended for those who have never tried it before. Brandy can be used instead of cognac if you prefer, although it significantly alters the flavor profile. Serve with a spoon to allow the batter to be reincorporated if it begins to settle to the bottom of the mug. This is a rich, dense, and decadent drink, and due to the high volume of batter, it is recommended to consume it only in moderate quantities as it is a relatively caloric beverage.6:["$","div",null,{"className":"p-6","children":["$","div",null,{"className":"max-w-4xl mx-auto","children":[["$","h1",null,{"className":"text-4xl mb-6","children":["Cocktails with ","Sweet"," flavor"]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"grid grid-cols-1 gap-4","children":[["$","$Le","Monaco",{"cocktail":{"name":"Monaco","description":"The Monaco is a refreshing and simple beer cocktail, popular in France. It's a variation of the shandy or radler, traditionally made with pale lager, lemonade or lemon-lime soda, and grenadine syrup. The grenadine adds a touch of sweetness and a vibrant color, transforming the basic beer into a visually appealing and more palatable drink, especially on a warm day. Its ease of preparation and readily available ingredients make it a widely enjoyed beverage, often served as an aperitif or a casual refreshment. The combination of the beer's slight bitterness, the grenadine's sweetness, and the lemon soda's citrusy notes create a balanced and enjoyable flavor profile. While variations exist, the core ingredients remain consistent: beer, grenadine, and lemon soda.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Pour the grenadine into a glass. Add the lemon-lime soda. Gently pour the beer on top to create a layered effect, or stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Lemon wedge or slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Light Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the body and foundation of the drink, providing a mild alcoholic base."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a fruity flavor, balancing the beer's bitterness and soda's tang."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Lemon-Lime Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a refreshing citrus element and adds effervescence to the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Sweet","Citrus","Yeasty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":1,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":4,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Fernet con Coca",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fernet con Coca","description":"$f","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add Fernet Branca. Top with Coca-Cola. Gently stir to combine. Garnish with a lemon or orange peel, if desired.","garnish":"Lemon or orange peel (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":50,"name":"Fernet Branca","unit":"ml","rationale":"The key ingredient, providing a strong bitter, herbal, and medicinal flavor profile that defines the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Coca-Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, acidity, and carbonation to balance the bitterness of the Fernet and creates the classic highball effervescence."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Bitter","Herbal","Spicy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Blue Hawaii",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blue Hawaii","description":"The Blue Hawaii cocktail, with its vibrant color and tropical flavors, is a quintessential vacation drink. It was created in 1957 by Harry Yee, the legendary head bartender at the Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki in Honolulu. Yee was asked by a Dutch sales representative from Bols to create a drink that would showcase the Bols Blue Curaçao liqueur. After experimenting with various combinations, Yee landed on a mix of rum, vodka, blue curaçao, pineapple juice, and sweet and sour mix. The drink quickly gained popularity, becoming synonymous with Hawaiian tourism and the carefree spirit of the islands. Its striking blue hue, reminiscent of the Pacific Ocean, and its refreshing taste made it a favorite among tourists and locals alike. Despite its somewhat sweet and artificial flavor profile compared to modern craft cocktails, the Blue Hawaii remains a nostalgic symbol of paradise and a testament to the enduring appeal of classic tiki drinks. The cocktail's popularity endures, symbolizing exotic getaways.","historical_reference":"According to multiple sources, the Blue Hawaii was invented in 1957 by Harry Yee, head bartender at the Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki in Honolulu.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a hurricane glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and cocktail cherry. Optionally, a paper umbrella for added flair.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base and tropical character. Its neutral profile allows the other flavors to shine, while contributing a subtle sweetness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Increases the alcoholic strength and adds a clean backdrop without interfering with the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Blue Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the distinctive blue color and an orange-like flavor, adding to the drink's tropical profile. It is a type of liqueur flavored with the dried peel of the laraha citrus fruit, grown on the island of Curaçao."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet, tropical flavor and contributes to the drink's overall body and texture."},{"amount":30,"name":"Sweet and Sour Mix","unit":"ml","rationale":"Balances the sweetness of the other ingredients with acidity. This is made from equal parts lemon and lime juice and simple syrup."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Gin Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gin Sour","description":"$10","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! (2015) documents sour-style drinks from the 1800s, although a specific Gin Sour reference is difficult to pinpoint with certainty prior to later cocktail books.","technique":"1. If using egg white, combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice (dry shake) for 15 seconds to emulsify the egg white.\n2. Add ice to the shaker and shake vigorously for another 15-20 seconds to chill and further emulsify the mixture.\n3. Double strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. If serving in a rocks glass, fill with fresh ice.\n4. Garnish with a lemon peel twist or a few drops of bitters on the egg white foam (if used).","garnish":"Lemon peel twist or a few drops of bitters on the egg white foam (if used). Express the oils from the lemon peel over the drink before placing it on the rim.","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic botanical flavors that define the cocktail. It contributes dryness and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and highlighting the gin's botanicals. Its tartness is crucial for the sour profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile. The amount can be adjusted to preference."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white (optional) adds a silky texture and creates a frothy head when shaken. It mellows the sharpness of the citrus and binds all ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Bumbo",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bumbo","description":"$11","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, \"Punch: The Delights (and Dangers) of the Flowing Bowl\" (2010)","technique":"In a mug or heat-resistant glass, dissolve brown sugar in warm water. Add dark rum. Stir well. Grate fresh nutmeg over the top. Serve warm.","garnish":"Grated nutmeg","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"The dark rum provides the base spirit, contributing rich molasses and caramel notes and a foundational booziness to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Water dilutes the drink, balancing the strong rum and softening the overall intensity, making it more palatable."},{"amount":15,"name":"Brown Sugar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Brown sugar sweetens the drink and adds a deep, caramel-like flavor that complements the dark rum."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Sweet","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":3,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Jazmin Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jazmin Sour","description":"The Jazmin Sour is a modern variation on the classic Gin Sour, distinguished by the addition of floral notes from elderflower liqueur and the incorporation of egg white for a smooth, velvety texture. The precise origin is difficult to pinpoint, as many bartenders have likely experimented with similar combinations. However, the defining characteristics remain a balance of gin, citrus, sweetness, and floral aromatics, typically incorporating elderflower liqueur such as St. Germain. The egg white is optional but contributes significantly to the drink's mouthfeel and appearance. This cocktail aims for a sophisticated flavor profile, appealing to those who enjoy floral, citrus-forward drinks with a creamy texture. Its relatively easy preparation makes it accessible for home mixologists and a delightful addition to any cocktail menu. The Jazmin Sour stands as a testament to the enduring appeal of the sour format and its adaptability to new and exciting flavor combinations.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker without ice. 2. Dry shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until chilled. 5. Double strain into a chilled coupe or sour glass. 6. Garnish with an edible flower petal or lemon twist.","garnish":"Edible flower petal or Lemon twist","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, forming the cocktail's foundation."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Elderflower liqueur introduces a distinctive floral aroma and a subtle sweetness that complements the gin and enhances the complexity of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":20,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white adds a silky smooth texture and frothy head to the cocktail, enhancing its overall mouthfeel and visual appeal. (Pasteurized recommended)"},{"amount":2,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Simple syrup provides the necessary sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice and the strength of the gin."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Fruity","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Mint Julep",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mint Julep","description":"$12","historical_reference":"\"The Mint Julep is not only a very old beverage, but a specifically American one.\" - Imbibe! by David Wondrich (2007)","technique":"1. Gently muddle mint leaves and simple syrup in a julep cup or sturdy rocks glass. Avoid over-muddling, which can release bitter compounds. 2. Fill the cup completely with crushed ice. 3. Add bourbon. 4. Gently stir until the cup is frosted. 5. Add more crushed ice to form a mound. 6. Garnish with a generous sprig of fresh mint. 7. Optionally, dust with powdered sugar.","garnish":"A generous sprig of fresh mint, lightly slapped to release its aroma. Optionally, dust with powdered sugar.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the base flavor, offering notes of vanilla, caramel, and oak which harmonize with the mint and sweetness."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":10,"name":"Fresh Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a cooling, herbal counterpoint to the bourbon's warmth, adding freshness and aromatic complexity."},{"amount":10,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup balances the bourbon and mint, adding sweetness and improving the texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Sweet","Woody","Earthy","Vanilla"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Tequila Sunrise",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tequila Sunrise","description":"$13","historical_reference":"Dale DeGroff, 'The Craft of the Cocktail' (2002) mentions the modern Tequila Sunrise gaining popularity in the 1970s, coinciding with the Eagles' song and the Rolling Stones' endorsement.","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice. 2. Add Tequila. 3. Top with orange juice. 4. Gently pour grenadine down the side of the glass so it settles at the bottom, creating the sunrise effect. Do not stir. 5. Garnish with an orange slice and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice and a maraschino cherry. The orange slice adds a citrus aroma and visual appeal, while the cherry complements the sweetness of the grenadine.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic agave flavor. It also contributes to the drink's overall 'booziness'."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine sinks to the bottom, creating the 'sunrise' effect and adds a distinct sweetness and slight tartness from the pomegranate base."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice contributes the primary sweet and citrus notes, diluting the alcohol and adding volume to the drink. It provides the main body of flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sweet","Tropical"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Breakfast Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Breakfast Martini","description":"$14","historical_reference":"Created by Salvatore Calabrese at the Library Bar in the Lanesborough Hotel, London, in the late 1990s. (Source: Difford's Guide). Some sources cite 1996.","technique":"1. Chill a martini glass.\n2. Add orange marmalade, gin, orange liqueur, and lemon juice to a shaker with ice.\n3. Shake well until chilled.\n4. Double strain into the chilled martini glass.\n5. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and discard.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and discarded (optional: lightly sugar rim)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, forming the foundation of the cocktail's flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":10,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur enhances the citrus notes and adds additional sweetness and aromatic complexity, complementing the marmalade."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Orange Marmalade","unit":"bar spoon","rationale":"Marmalade introduces a complex bittersweet orange flavor and a touch of sweetness, acting as a unique and defining ingredient."},{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds a crucial sour element, balancing the sweetness of the marmalade and gin and providing overall brightness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Bitter","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Aguaymanto Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Aguaymanto Sour","description":"The Aguaymanto Sour is a vibrant twist on the classic Pisco Sour, incorporating the unique tart and slightly sweet flavor of aguaymanto (goldenberry). This cocktail offers a refreshing and exotic alternative to the traditional sour, appealing to those seeking new and interesting flavor combinations. The aguaymanto not only contributes a distinctive taste but also a beautiful golden hue to the drink. It embodies the essence of Peruvian mixology, blending traditional ingredients with indigenous fruits to create a modern and exciting cocktail experience. The balance of sweet, sour, and spirituous notes makes it a delightful and memorable drink, showcasing the versatility of pisco and the richness of Peruvian flavors. Served chilled, it's the perfect refreshment for any occasion, inviting both the adventurous and traditional cocktail enthusiasts to explore the flavors of Peru.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker without ice. Dry shake vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify the egg white. Add ice to the shaker and shake again until well-chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass.","garnish":"3 drops of Angostura bitters, Aguaymanto fruit half","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pisco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pisco provides the foundational alcoholic strength and traditional Peruvian flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Aguaymanto Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Aguaymanto puree delivers the primary fruity, tart, and slightly sweet flavor characteristic of the cocktail."},{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness and complementing the pisco."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lime and tartness of the aguaymanto."},{"amount":1,"name":"Egg White","unit":"pc","rationale":"Egg white provides a creamy texture and frothy head, enhancing the mouthfeel of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Planter's Punch",{"cocktail":{"name":"Planter's Punch","description":"Planter's Punch is a classic rum cocktail with a vibrant history, said to have originated in Jamaica. Its recipe is traditionally based on a rhyme: 'One of Sour, Two of Sweet, Three of Strong, Four of Weak.' This refers to lime juice, sugar, rum, and water (or other non-alcoholic mixers). The punch became popular in hotels and resorts throughout the Caribbean and eventually spread worldwide. There are countless variations, often incorporating fruit juices, spices, and liqueurs. The drink is closely associated with hospitality and relaxation, embodying the spirit of the islands. The specific origin is debated, with claims tracing back to the Myers' Rum plantation or the Planters Hotel in St. Louis, Missouri, both in the 19th century. Regardless of its exact roots, Planter's Punch represents a long-standing tradition of Caribbean rum cocktails.","historical_reference":"Beachbum Berry's 'Remixed' (2010) provides comprehensive research on the drink's history and variations.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Orange slice, cherry, and optionally a pineapple wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides the foundational boozy element and rich molasses notes characteristic of Planter's Punch."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"ml","rationale":"Angostura bitters adds complexity, a subtle bitterness, and aromatic spice notes that tie the flavors together."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice contributes essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine provides sweetness, a vibrant red color, and a subtle fruity flavor that complements the other ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice adds sweetness, body, and enhances the fruity notes."},{"amount":30,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes sweetness, tropical flavor, and a slight tang."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Agua de Valencia",{"cocktail":{"name":"Agua de Valencia","description":"$15","historical_reference":"First created in 1959 at Cafe Madrid in Valencia, Spain, by Constante Gil. Source: various Spanish culinary blogs and historical accounts of Valencian bars. No definitive single primary source available.","technique":"Combine gin, vodka, orange juice, and simple syrup (if using) in a pitcher. Stir well to combine. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or preferably overnight, to allow the flavors to meld. Just before serving, top with chilled cava. Stir gently to combine. Pour into champagne flutes or wine glasses. Garnish with an orange slice or zest.","garnish":"Orange slice or zest, or optionally a few grapes.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides a botanical backbone and aromatic complexity, contributing dry and herbal notes."},{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka contributes a clean alcoholic base, adding strength without overpowering the other flavors, making it a neutral spirit amplifier."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adding a small quantity of simple syrup can balance the orange juice. The amount needed can change depending on orange juice acidity/sweetness."},{"amount":100,"name":"Cava","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cava adds effervescence, dryness, and a celebratory element, balancing the sweetness and adding complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":150,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice provides the dominant citrus flavor, sweetness, and vibrant color, creating a refreshing base."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Maple Old Fashioned",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Maple Old Fashioned","description":"The Smoked Maple Old Fashioned elevates the classic with a touch of smoky intrigue and the rich sweetness of maple syrup. This variation offers a complex and nuanced flavor profile, perfect for those seeking a sophisticated twist on a timeless favorite. The smoking process infuses the bourbon with depth, while the maple syrup adds a layer of decadent sweetness. The traditional bitters balance the sweetness and add spicy and herbal notes, while the orange peel contributes bright citrus aromas. This cocktail is best enjoyed slowly, allowing the flavors to evolve and meld together.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Smoke the bourbon: Use a smoking gun to infuse the bourbon with smoke flavor, then strain into a mixing glass. 2. Add maple syrup and bitters to the mixing glass. 3. Add ice to the mixing glass. 4. Stir gently until well-chilled. 5. Strain into a rocks glass filled with one large ice cube. 6. Express an orange peel over the drink and garnish.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and inserted, optionally brandied cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the foundational warmth and oaky notes. Its higher corn content lends a subtle sweetness that complements the maple."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":5,"name":"Maple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maple syrup replaces traditional sugar, bringing a distinctive flavor profile that balances bourbon's boldness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add complexity and balance the sweetness, enhancing the overall depth of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Woody","Sweet","Vanilla","Spicy","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Gimlet",{"cocktail":{"name":"Gimlet","description":"The Gimlet is a classic cocktail with a debated history, often associated with naval origins. One theory suggests it was named after Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas Gimlette, a Royal Navy surgeon who supposedly added lime juice to the gin of his crew to combat scurvy. This addition of lime, rich in Vitamin C, would have indeed helped prevent the deficiency. While this theory is popular, concrete evidence remains elusive. Another possibility points to a tool called a 'gimlet,' used to bore holes into barrels, suggesting a link to the cocktail's potent and piercing nature. The original Gimlet likely used lime cordial, such as Rose's, for both sweetness and citrus flavor. Over time, preferences shifted toward fresh lime juice and simple syrup or sugar, offering a brighter and more balanced profile. Today, the Gimlet is appreciated for its simplicity, clean taste, and refreshing qualities. It represents a harmonious blend of spirit and citrus, making it a timeless choice for cocktail enthusiasts.","historical_reference":"While a concrete original source is not verifiable, drink historian David Wondrich suggests the Gimlet's creation aligns with the British Navy's practice of issuing lime juice to sailors to combat scurvy in the mid-19th century. Source: Imbibe! by David Wondrich","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine gin, lime juice, and simple syrup in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with a lime wheel or wedge, if desired.","garnish":"Lime wheel or lime wedge (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic strength and botanical complexity, creating the characteristic aromatic foundation of the Gimlet."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice delivers the essential sour component, contributing acidity and bright citrus notes that balance the gin's botanicals."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup provides sweetness to counter the lime juice's sourness, ensuring a palatable and well-rounded drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Rabo-de-galo",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rabo-de-galo","description":"$16","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cachaça and sweet vermouth in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled, approximately 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and optionally drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and optionally placed in the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the spirituous base, offering a complex flavor profile of grassy, vegetal, and fruity notes, characteristic of Brazilian sugarcane spirit. It forms the backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":50,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth introduces sweetness, herbal notes, and a rich, slightly bitter undertone, balancing the cachaça's strength. It adds depth and complexity to the cocktail, creating a harmonious blend of flavors."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Bitter","Fruity","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Black Russian",{"cocktail":{"name":"Black Russian","description":"The Black Russian is a simple yet potent cocktail that combines vodka and coffee liqueur. It was created in 1949 by Gustave Tops, a Belgian barman, at the Hotel Metropole in Brussels, in honor of Perle Mesta, the U.S. Ambassador to Luxembourg at the time. Its name refers to the dark color of the drink and the primary ingredient, vodka, which is associated with Russia. The Black Russian is typically served on the rocks and is appreciated for its bold coffee flavor and high alcohol content. It is a precursor to the White Russian, which adds cream to the mix, and the Rusty Nail, which substitutes Scotch whisky for vodka. Its popularity stems from its simplicity and the universally appealing combination of coffee and alcohol. It is an easy cocktail to make at home, requiring only two ingredients and minimal preparation. The drink's enduring appeal is a testament to its balance of flavors, offering a bittersweet experience that is both stimulating and satisfying.","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide - https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/338/black-russian#:~:text=The%20Black%20Russian%20was%20created,the%20U.S.%20Ambassador%20to%20Luxembourg. (Accessed Oct 26, 2023)","technique":"Fill an old-fashioned glass with ice cubes. Add vodka and coffee liqueur. Stir gently to combine.","garnish":"None traditionally. Optional: Coffee beans","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides the alcoholic backbone and a neutral canvas for the coffee liqueur."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Coffee Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coffee liqueur adds sweetness, coffee flavor, and contributes to the overall color and aroma."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Coffee","Bitter","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":1,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Batida",{"cocktail":{"name":"Batida","description":"The Batida is a popular category of Brazilian cocktails characterized by the blending of a base spirit (typically cachaça), fruit juice or purée, and sweetener. The name 'Batida' translates to 'shaken' or 'beaten,' referring to the preparation method. While there are countless variations depending on the fruit used, the core components remain consistent. It represents a vibrant expression of Brazilian culture and flavors. This differs from the Caipirinha, which typically does not use juice. Batidas are commonly enjoyed during festive occasions, beach gatherings, and casual social events, showcasing the accessibility and adaptability of Brazilian mixology. It's a refreshing and customizable drink, allowing for a wide range of flavor combinations.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cachaça, fruit juice or purée, and sweetener in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish appropriately. Serve immediately.","garnish":"Fruit wedge or wheel, appropriate for the fruit used in the drink, for example, a lime wedge for a lime batida.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the fundamental alcoholic base and distinctive Brazilian flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Fruit Juice or Purée","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary flavor element of the cocktail, introduces sweetness, and contributes to the texture and color."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup or Sweetener","unit":"ml","rationale":"Balances the acidity of the fruit and enhances overall sweetness; adjust amount to taste."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Glögg",{"cocktail":{"name":"Glögg","description":"$17","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine red wine, brandy, cinnamon sticks, cloves, cardamom pods, raisins, blanched almonds, sugar, and orange peel in a large pot. Heat gently over low heat, ensuring the mixture does not boil. Simmer for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Strain the Glögg to remove the spices and orange peel. Serve warm in mugs, garnishing each serving with a fresh orange peel and a few raisins and almonds.","garnish":"Orange peel and a few raisins and blanched almonds in each serving mug","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":250,"name":"Red Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base and body, contributing fruity and tannic notes essential for the cocktail's foundation."},{"amount":50,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a layer of warmth and complexity, enhancing the overall booziness and introducing subtle fruit and oak characteristics to complement the wine."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Cinnamon Sticks","unit":"pc","rationale":"Contributes warm, sweet, and slightly woody notes, adding a foundational spice element to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":10,"name":"Whole Cloves","unit":"pc","rationale":"Provides a pungent, aromatic spice with warm and slightly bitter undertones, essential for the characteristic Glögg spice blend."},{"amount":10,"name":"Cardamom Pods","unit":"pc","rationale":"Adds a complex, floral, and slightly citrusy spice note, enhancing the aromatic complexity of the drink."},{"amount":25,"name":"Raisins","unit":"g","rationale":"Impart sweetness and a chewy texture, contributing a fruity counterpoint to the spices and enriching the body of the drink."},{"amount":25,"name":"Blanched Almonds","unit":"g","rationale":"Provide a subtle nutty flavor and a pleasant textural contrast, complementing the sweetness and spice notes."},{"amount":25,"name":"Granulated Sugar","unit":"g","rationale":"Balances the acidity of the wine and enhances the sweetness, contributing to the overall palatability of the drink."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange Peel","unit":"strip","rationale":"Adds a bright, citrusy aroma and flavor, providing a refreshing element to the warm, spiced profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Spicy","Warm","Sweet","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Red Russian",{"cocktail":{"name":"Red Russian","description":"$18","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill an old-fashioned glass with ice. Add vodka and coffee liqueur. Gently pour cream over the top. Stir gently to combine before serving, if desired. Alternatively serve in layers for visual appeal.","garnish":"None typically, but a coffee bean or dusting of cocoa powder are acceptable.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka serves as the primary alcoholic component, providing a neutral base for the liqueur to express its flavor, contributing to the cocktail's overall booziness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Coffee Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coffee liqueur imparts a sweet coffee flavor, balancing the vodka's strength and providing the cocktail's distinct character, as well as contributing to the overall sweetness and booziness."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Heavy Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cream adds a velvety texture, smoothing out the intensity of the alcohol and coffee flavors, while also contributing to a perceived sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Coffee","Sweet","Creamy","Chocolate"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":1,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Porn Star Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Porn Star Martini","description":"$19","historical_reference":"First created in 2002 by Douglas Ankrah at LAB Bar in London.","technique":"1. Chill a martini glass. 2. In a shaker, combine vodka, passion fruit puree, vanilla liqueur, and lime juice. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake well until the shaker is well-chilled. 5. Double strain into the chilled martini glass. 6. Garnish with half a fresh passion fruit, floated on top. 7. Serve with a shot of chilled Prosecco on the side.","garnish":"Half a fresh passion fruit, floated on top of the drink. Serve with a shot of chilled Prosecco on the side.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides the neutral alcoholic backbone for the cocktail, allowing the other flavors to shine. It adds strength without overpowering the overall profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Vanilla Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vanilla liqueur enhances the sweetness and adds a creamy vanilla note that complements the tart passion fruit, creating a smooth and balanced flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Passion Fruit Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Passion fruit puree delivers the distinctive tropical and tart notes that are central to the Porn Star Martini's flavor profile. It contributes to the cocktail's body and provides a natural sweetness and acidity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice adds a crucial element of acidity, balancing the sweetness of the passion fruit and liqueurs. It brightens the overall flavor and provides a refreshing zest."},{"amount":50,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco is served as a side component to the cocktail, with its effervescence providing a refreshing contrast to the drink's other components."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Vanilla","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Bellini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bellini","description":"$1a","historical_reference":"Arrigo Cipriani, Harry's Bar, Venice, 1948.","technique":"Pour the white peach puree into a chilled flute glass. Gently top with Prosecco, ensuring it doesn't overflow. Stir lightly to combine. Add garnish if desired.","garnish":"Optional: Peach slice or raspberry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":100,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco provides the effervescence and forms the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, contributing to its light and refreshing character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"White Peach Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"White peach puree contributes the dominant fruity sweetness, aroma, and subtle acidity, providing the signature Bellini flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Floral"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":2,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Seven and Seven",{"cocktail":{"name":"Seven and Seven","description":"The Seven and Seven is a simple highball cocktail consisting of Seagram's Seven Crown blended whiskey and 7-Up soda. It's a popular, easy-to-make drink often ordered by those looking for a light and refreshing alcoholic beverage. Its appeal lies in its straightforwardness and the familiar flavors of whiskey and lemon-lime soda. While not considered a sophisticated or complex cocktail, the Seven and Seven has a nostalgic quality for many, reminiscent of casual gatherings and simpler times. It's typically served in a highball glass filled with ice. The ratio of whiskey to soda can vary based on personal preference, but it generally balances the whiskey's boldness with the sweetness and carbonation of the 7-Up. The Seven and Seven remains a ubiquitous and easily recognized drink in bars and social settings, favored for its simplicity and ease of consumption.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add whiskey. Top with 7-Up. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lime wedge, if desired.","garnish":"Lime wedge (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":44,"name":"Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Whiskey forms the alcoholic foundation, providing a distinct flavor profile that defines the drink's character. Its presence contributes the 'kick' in the 'Seven and Seven'."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"7-Up","unit":"ml","rationale":"7-Up provides sweetness, citrus notes, and carbonation, diluting the whiskey and creating a refreshing highball. Its lemon-lime flavor complements the whiskey's character."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Sweet","Grassy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":2,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Godfather",{"cocktail":{"name":"Godfather","description":"The Godfather is a simple yet elegant cocktail that combines Scotch whisky and amaretto. It is traditionally served over ice and is known for its balance of whisky's robust character and amaretto's sweet, almond flavor. There are varying stories of origin, though the most well-known connects it to Marlon Brando and the iconic movie 'The Godfather'. Some suggest it was Brando's favorite drink, while others claim it was created in his honor. The drink's simplicity lends itself to easy preparation and enjoyment, allowing the quality of the ingredients to shine through. The combination offers a unique blend of rich, nutty sweetness and the depth of Scotch. Though its exact origin is debated, the cocktail’s name and popularity reflect its association with a classic era of film and a sophisticated palate. The Godfather is often enjoyed as an after-dinner drink, a digestif, or a contemplative sipper.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Pour Scotch whisky and amaretto into an Old Fashioned glass filled with ice. Stir gently to combine. Garnish as desired.","garnish":"Optional: Lemon or orange twist. Express oils over the drink if used.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Scotch Whisky provides the drink's foundational character, offering a complex array of smoky, peaty, and subtly sweet notes that define its overall flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amaretto introduces a distinct almond flavor and sweetness, complementing the whisky's boldness and adding a layer of depth to the overall taste."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Nutty","Woody","Sweet","Smoky"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Airmail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Airmail","description":"$1b","historical_reference":"First appeared in Esquire's 1949 Handbook for Hosts.","technique":"Chill a coupe or champagne glass. In a shaker, combine the rum, lime juice, and simple syrup. Add ice and shake well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Top with sparkling wine. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Optional: Lime wedge or a thin strip of orange peel.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rum provides the primary alcoholic base, contributing to the drink's overall strength and adding a slightly sweet, molasses-like character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lime juice provides acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing citrusy note that enhances the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":7,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup contributes sweetness, harmonizing with the sourness of the lime juice and complementing the rum's inherent sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Piña Colada",{"cocktail":{"name":"Piña Colada","description":"The Piña Colada, meaning 'strained pineapple,' is a sweet, rum-based cocktail originating from Puerto Rico. Its creation is disputed between Ramón 'Monchito' Marrero, a bartender at the Caribe Hilton Hotel in San Juan, who claimed to have invented it in 1954, and Ricardo Garcia, who claimed it was an iteration of a drink he created earlier, the Coco-Loco, in 1952 at the same hotel. Regardless of the exact origin, the Piña Colada quickly gained popularity as a symbol of tropical relaxation and vacation. Its creamy texture and sweet, fruity flavor made it a favorite among tourists and locals alike. The cocktail became an official drink of Puerto Rico in 1978, solidifying its cultural significance. Today, the Piña Colada remains a beloved classic, enjoyed worldwide as a refreshing and indulgent treat, epitomizing the flavors of the Caribbean.","historical_reference":"While the exact originator is disputed, both Ramon 'Monchito' Marrero and Ricardo Garcia, bartenders at the Caribe Hilton in Puerto Rico, are credited with creating versions of the drink in the 1950s. It became the official drink of Puerto Rico in 1978.","technique":"Combine white rum, pineapple juice, and cream of coconut in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish with a pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a Maraschino cherry. Optionally, a paper umbrella can be added for visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic base and characteristic Caribbean flavor. It adds a subtle sweetness and allows the other ingredients to shine."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":100,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice delivers the primary fruity sweetness and tropical essence of the cocktail. Its acidity balances the richness of the coconut cream."},{"amount":50,"name":"Cream of Coconut","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cream of coconut provides the creamy texture and rich coconut flavor that defines the Piña Colada. It adds sweetness and body to the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Creamy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Vanilla Espresso Martini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Vanilla Espresso Martini","description":"$1c","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a martini glass. Combine vodka, coffee liqueur, vanilla syrup, and cooled espresso in a shaker with ice. Shake vigorously until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled martini glass. Garnish with 3 coffee beans and a smoked vanilla bean, or sprinkle a pinch of smoked salt on top.","garnish":"3 coffee beans and a smoked vanilla bean, if available, or a pinch of smoked salt sprinkled on top of the foam.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a clean, neutral alcoholic base that allows the other flavors to shine through without overpowering them."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Coffee Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coffee liqueur amplifies the coffee flavor and adds additional sweetness and body to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Freshly Brewed Espresso (cooled)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Espresso provides the robust coffee flavor, bitterness, and caffeine kick that define the drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Vanilla Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vanilla syrup contributes sweetness and a complementary vanilla note that enhances the coffee flavor and provides a smoother texture."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Coffee","Vanilla","Smoky","Sweet","Bitter"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Tom Collins",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tom Collins","description":"The Tom Collins is a classic gin-based cocktail that embodies refreshment and balance. Its origins are somewhat murky, with several stories vying for its creation. One popular narrative traces the drink back to a London head waiter named John Collins, working in the 1820s at Limmer's Hotel. It's said that he crafted a refreshing gin punch that became a favorite among patrons and was later named after him. Another anecdote attributes the drink's creation to a bartender of the same name, who worked at a hotel in New York in the 1870s. Whatever its true origins, the Tom Collins gained immense popularity in the late 19th century and has remained a beloved classic ever since. The drink became incredibly popular in 1874 when it was mentioned in a hoax that spread across New York, blaming a 'Tom Collins' for spreading malicious rumours.","historical_reference":"The earliest recipes for a 'John Collins' appeared in the 1869 Steward and Barkeeper's Manual by Harry Johnson. The use of Old Tom Gin became standard, leading to the name 'Tom Collins'. (1869)","technique":"In a Collins glass filled with ice, combine gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Stir well to combine. Top with club soda. Gently stir again to incorporate the soda. Garnish with a lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical flavors and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice contributes acidity, brightness, and a tangy counterpoint to the gin and sugar."},{"amount":25,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness and balances the tartness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":100,"name":"Club Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Club soda provides effervescence and dilutes the mixture, creating a refreshing, light, and bubbly drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Rose Kennedy",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rose Kennedy","description":"The Rose Kennedy cocktail is a refreshing and subtly sweet drink, named in honor of Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy, the matriarch of the Kennedy family. It is believed to have originated sometime in the mid-20th century, although precise details of its creation are scarce. This cocktail is appreciated for its simplicity, employing only a few ingredients to create a balanced and flavorful experience. The use of white rum provides a light and clean base, while the rose water contributes a delicate floral aroma and flavor. The lime juice adds a necessary tartness, balancing the sweetness and creating a refreshing quality. A touch of grenadine can be included for extra sweetness and adds to the delicate pink hue of the drink. It is a classic cocktail of choice for garden parties, brunches, or casual evenings, offering a refined yet approachable drinking experience. The Rose Kennedy cocktail embodies understated elegance and timeless appeal.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Lime wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone, contributing subtle sweetness and a light body."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Enhances the sweetness, adds flavor and brings a delicate rosy color."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"The sour component which balances the sweetness of the rum and rose water."},{"amount":2,"name":"Rose Water","unit":"drops","rationale":"Contributes a delicate floral aroma and flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Peach Bellini",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Peach Bellini","description":"The Smoked Peach Bellini elevates the classic Bellini with a smoky depth that intertwines beautifully with the sweet and juicy peach. The traditional Bellini, a simple mix of peach puree and Prosecco, was invented at Harry's Bar in Venice, Italy, sometime between 1934 and 1948. Giuseppe Cipriani, the founder of Harry's Bar, named it after the artist Giovanni Bellini, as the drink's pink hue reminded him of Bellini's paintings. This variation introduces a modern twist by smoking the peaches before pureeing them, adding layers of complexity and intrigue to the familiar flavor profile. The smoking process enhances the peach's sweetness and adds an earthy dimension that creates a sophisticated and memorable cocktail. It's a perfect balance of tradition and innovation, ideal for brunches, celebrations, or any occasion that calls for a touch of elegance and unexpected flavor.","historical_reference":null,"technique":"1. Smoke fresh peaches using a smoker or by placing peach halves cut-side up in a foil pan and smoking with wood chips for approximately 1-2 hours, depending on the intensity of smoke desired. Cool the peaches. 2. Blend the smoked peaches into a smooth puree. Strain if desired. 3. In a chilled champagne flute, gently pour in the smoked peach puree. 4. Add the peach liqueur. 5. Top with chilled Prosecco, pouring slowly to maintain the bubbles. 6. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Thin peach slice, gently fanned on the rim of the glass. Optionally, add a small sprig of fresh thyme.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco provides the celebratory effervescence and a light fruity base, complementing the peach flavor without overpowering it. Its dry style balances the sweetness of the peach puree."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":5,"name":"Peach Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Peach liqueur (e.g., crème de pêche) enhances the peach flavor and adds a touch of sweetness. It complements the smoked peach puree."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"Smoked Peach Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Smoked peach puree provides the cocktail's primary flavor. The smoking process enhances the sweetness and adds a smoky depth, creating a unique taste."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Smoky","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Polar Bear",{"cocktail":{"name":"Polar Bear","description":"$1d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a mint sprig or lime wheel.","garnish":"Mint sprig or lime wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base and neutral spirit for the cocktail, allowing other flavors to shine without overpowering them."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":5,"name":"Crème de Menthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a refreshing mint flavor and aroma, adding complexity and a cooling effect to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Heavy Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a rich, creamy texture and enhances the overall mouthfeel, contributing to a smoother drinking experience."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a necessary sour element that balances the sweetness, creating a more complex and refreshing flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness to balance the acidity of the lime and bitterness of the creme de menthe, resulting in a more palatable and balanced drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Creamy","Minty","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":4,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Monkey Gland",{"cocktail":{"name":"Monkey Gland","description":"$1e","historical_reference":"Harry MacElhone, Harry's ABC of Mixing Cocktails (1919) - Variations appear in later editions of the book through the 1930s. The cocktail is named after Serge Voronoff's rejuvenation therapy from the early 1900s. Voronoff grafted monkey testicle tissue onto men to increase libido and vitality - as a treatment for aging.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until well-chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Orange twist, expressed and dropped in","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical complexity, contributing a dry and aromatic profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe contributes a subtle anise aroma and a touch of bitterness, adding complexity and depth to the overall flavor."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine lends a sweet and slightly tart flavor, contributing to the cocktail's vibrant red color and balancing the other ingredients."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh orange juice provides essential acidity and a citrusy sweetness to balance the gin and grenadine."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Sex on the Beach",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sex on the Beach","description":"$1f","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice cubes.\n2. Add vodka, peach schnapps, cranberry juice, and orange juice.\n3. Stir gently to combine.\n4. Garnish with an orange slice or a cherry.","garnish":"Orange slice or cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides the alcoholic backbone and a neutral canvas for the other flavors to shine, offering a clean and crisp foundation."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Peach Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"Peach schnapps infuses a distinct peach flavor and sweetness, rounding out the overall fruity profile of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":40,"name":"Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cranberry juice adds tartness and a vibrant red color, balancing the sweetness and providing a refreshing edge."},{"amount":40,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange juice contributes sweetness, citrus notes, and a smooth texture, complementing the other fruit flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":5,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Orgasm",{"cocktail":{"name":"Orgasm","description":"$20","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Add all ingredients to a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass or small rocks glass. Garnish as desired.","garnish":"Optional: Grated nutmeg or chocolate shavings","allergens":["Dairy"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Coffee liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes coffee flavor and sweetness, adding a dark and rich taste profile while slightly boosting alcohol content."},{"amount":25,"name":"Irish cream liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a creamy texture and flavor with notes of vanilla and chocolate, contributing to the drink's overall sweetness and smoothness."},{"amount":25,"name":"Cream liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Enhances the drink's creaminess and sweetness, adding a smooth and velvety texture."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Heavy cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds richness and a smooth texture to the drink, creating a creamy mouthfeel which helps to lower overall booziness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Vanilla","Chocolate","Coffee","Nutty","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":1,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Curaçao Punch",{"cocktail":{"name":"Curaçao Punch","description":"$21","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a punch glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Orange slice and a cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides a robust base with molasses notes, contributing depth and complexity to the punch."},{"amount":30,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac adds refined fruit and oak notes, enhancing the overall aromatic profile and structure of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao lends a distinctive orange flavor and aroma, defining the character of the punch."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides acidity, balancing sweetness and adding brightness to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes tropical sweetness and enhances the fruity notes of the punch."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness, harmonizing the different flavors and adjusting the overall balance of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Spicy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Mojito",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mojito","description":"The Mojito, a classic Cuban cocktail, is a refreshing blend of white rum, mint, lime juice, sugar, and soda water. Its exact origins are somewhat murky, but it's widely believed to have evolved from earlier medicinal drinks in Cuba. One common story suggests it originated with Sir Francis Drake, who supposedly created a similar drink called 'El Draque' using a crude form of rum, mint, lime, and sugar. Over time, El Draque evolved into the Mojito we know today, with the substitution of aguardiente with rum and the addition of soda water. The Mojito gained international popularity thanks to Ernest Hemingway, who frequented La Bodeguita del Medio in Havana and famously praised the bar's Mojitos. The cocktail's balance of sweetness, acidity, and herbal notes makes it an ideal choice for warm weather and casual gatherings. Modern variations often include different fruits or flavored syrups, but the classic Mojito remains a timeless favorite.","historical_reference":"While difficult to pinpoint a single source, David Wondrich's 'Imbibe!' provides extensive historical context on the evolution of rum drinks in Cuba, leading to the Mojito's development. (Published 2007)","technique":"1. Gently muddle the mint leaves with sugar in a sturdy glass. Avoid over-muddling, which can make the mint bitter. 2. Add lime juice and rum to the glass. 3. Fill the glass with ice. 4. Top with soda water. 5. Gently stir to combine. 6. Garnish with a mint sprig and lime wedge.","garnish":"Mint sprig and lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic base, contributing a light body and subtle sweetness."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":12,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"Leaves","rationale":"Mint provides a refreshing, herbal aroma and flavor that complements the other ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice adds essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and providing a zesty flavor."},{"amount":2,"name":"Sugar","unit":"tsp","rationale":"Sugar sweetens the cocktail and helps to muddle the mint, releasing its aromatic oils."},{"amount":60,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds effervescence, diluting the drink and creating a refreshing, lighter body."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Clover Club",{"cocktail":{"name":"Clover Club","description":"$22","historical_reference":"First documented in print by The Evening Telegraph (Philadelphia) on January 21, 1897, and later popularized by the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel in Philadelphia and included in \"The Savoy Cocktail Book\" (1930) by Harry Craddock.","technique":"1. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker without ice (dry shake). 2. Shake vigorously for 15-20 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 3. Add ice to the shaker. 4. Shake again until well-chilled (about 15 seconds). 5. Double strain into a chilled coupe glass.","garnish":"Three fresh raspberries, skewered.","allergens":["egg white"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational botanical flavors and alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, contributing complexity and a dry profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Raspberry Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Raspberry syrup contributes sweetness and a distinct fruity flavor, complementing the gin's botanicals and the lemon's acidity, creating a balanced and flavorful profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness of the raspberry syrup and adding a bright, citrusy note that enhances the overall flavor."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white creates a silky texture and foamy head, adding a luxurious mouthfeel and visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Fluffy Duck",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fluffy Duck","description":"$23","historical_reference":"Difford's Guide identifies the Fluffy Duck cocktail dating back to the 1970s. (https://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/recipe/1138/fluffy-duck-cocktail last accessed 2024-01-02)","technique":"Combine gin, Advocaat, crème de cacao, and fresh cream in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass. Top with soda water. Optionally garnish with grated nutmeg or chocolate shavings.","garnish":"Grated nutmeg or chocolate shavings, optional","allergens":["dairy","egg"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":20,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides a botanical base and alcoholic backbone to the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Advocaat","unit":"ml","rationale":"Advocaat provides a custardy flavor and creamy texture which is the signature of the cocktail."},{"amount":10,"name":"White Crème de Cacao","unit":"ml","rationale":"White crème de cacao enhances the sweetness and adds a subtle chocolate note."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Fresh Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh cream provides a rich, velvety texture and adds to the overall smoothness of the drink."},{"amount":50,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Soda water adds a touch of effervescence, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Vanilla","Chocolate","Fruity","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":9,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Blueberry Tea",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blueberry Tea","description":"$24","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine amaretto and orange liqueur in a mug. Top with hot water. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with an orange slice or lemon twist.","garnish":"Orange slice or lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a nutty, sweet almond flavor that acts as the primary base for the 'tea' element."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a citrus note, enhancing the aroma and sweetness, contributing to the overall depth of the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Hot Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the bulk of the drink, providing warmth and diluting the liqueurs to the desired strength, creating the tea-like experience."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Nutty","Fruity","Citrus","Sweet","Warm"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Amaretto Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Amaretto Sour","description":"$25","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If using egg white, dry shake all ingredients (without ice) vigorously for 15 seconds to emulsify the egg white. 2. Add ice to the shaker. 3. Shake well until chilled. 4. Double strain into an ice-filled rocks glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel and a maraschino cherry. Express the lemon peel over the drink to release oils, then place it on the rim or float on top, along with the cherry.","allergens":["nuts","egg white"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":60,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amaretto provides the primary flavor profile of the cocktail, characterized by its sweet almond and marzipan notes."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the amaretto, creating the 'sour' element of the cocktail."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White","unit":"ml","rationale":"Egg white adds a smooth, velvety texture to the cocktail and contributes to a creamy mouthfeel. (Optional)"},{"amount":2,"name":"Angostura Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters add depth and complexity, balancing the sweetness and complementing the almond notes of the amaretto."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Nutty","Vanilla","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Orange Tundra",{"cocktail":{"name":"Orange Tundra","description":"The Orange Tundra is a vibrant and refreshing cocktail, designed to evoke the crisp, clean flavors of a citrus-infused landscape. It combines the smoothness of vodka with the bright zest of orange and the subtle sweetness of honey. A splash of soda water adds a delicate effervescence, enhancing the overall drinking experience. This cocktail is perfect for warm weather gatherings, offering a light and invigorating alternative to heavier, more complex drinks. The orange flavor is prominent, but not overpowering, balanced by the vodka and complemented by the honey's subtle notes. The effervescence provides a refreshing lift. The name is designed to give an oxymoronic sensation, in that the orange is normally a warm flavor, but the tundra gives the sensation of a cold environment.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Chill a highball glass. 2. In a shaker with ice, combine the vodka, orange juice, and honey syrup. 3. Shake well until chilled. 4. Strain into the chilled highball glass filled with ice. 5. Top with soda water. 6. Garnish with an orange slice or twist.","garnish":"Orange slice or twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, providing a neutral spirit base for the other flavors to build upon."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary citrus flavor, contributing sweetness and acidity, while adding a refreshing element."},{"amount":10,"name":"Honey Syrup (1:1)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a natural sweetness and unique flavor depth that complements the orange, creating a smooth and balanced profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Soda Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces effervescence, lightening the drink and enhancing its refreshing quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Refreshing"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":4,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Between the Sheets",{"cocktail":{"name":"Between the Sheets","description":"The Between the Sheets cocktail is a classic sidecar variation, often regarded as a more 'risque' or potent version due to its equal parts base spirits. Its origins are typically traced back to Harry MacElhone at Harry's New York Bar in Paris during the 1920s, after World War I. It is closely related to the sidecar, swapping out some of the brandy for rum. The name itself suggests a certain scandalous allure, hinting at clandestine rendezvous and the spirit of the roaring twenties. The cocktail's balance between sweet, sour, and strong makes it a timeless choice for those seeking a sophisticated and spirited drink. The use of both brandy and rum creates a unique flavor profile that distinguishes it from its more traditional counterparts. The drink's combination of citrus, spirit, and sweetener produces a balanced and refreshing taste experience. It is a drink of elegance and boldness.","historical_reference":"David Embury, The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks (1948) lists this cocktail as a variation on the Sidecar and attributes the invention to Harry MacElhone in Paris.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients (White Rum, Brandy, Orange Liqueur, and Lemon Juice) into a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until well-chilled, approximately 15-20 seconds. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express lemon peel over the drink and drop it into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone, adding a subtle sweetness and tropical notes. Rum's esters contribute to the cocktail's complexity."},{"amount":22,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and warmth, contributing fruity and slightly spicy notes. Its higher alcohols provide an aromatic edge."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial layer of sweetness and citrus aroma, complementing the lemon juice and enhancing the overall flavor profile. It also functions as a modifier."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and spirits, creating a tart and refreshing element."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Warm","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Long Island Iced Tea",{"cocktail":{"name":"Long Island Iced Tea","description":"$26","historical_reference":"While many sources attribute the creation to Robert Butt in 1972 at the Oak Beach Inn, some claim a similar drink existed in the 1920s during Prohibition in Long Island, Tennessee. Source: Difford's Guide.","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice.\n2. Add vodka, gin, white rum, tequila, and triple sec to the glass.\n3. Add lemon juice.\n4. Top with Coca-Cola.\n5. Stir gently to combine.\n6. Garnish with a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Lemon wedge, for garnish. Prepare by slicing a fresh lemon into wedges.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral spirit base, adding alcoholic strength without significantly altering the flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin contributes botanical notes, enhancing the complexity of the cocktail with juniper and other herbal flavors."},{"amount":15,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum introduces subtle sweetness and a light-bodied character, complementing the other spirits without overpowering them."},{"amount":15,"name":"Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"Tequila adds an earthy and agave-forward element, providing a distinct layer of flavor that balances the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Triple Sec introduces orange notes and contributes to the overall sweetness and complexity of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and adding a refreshing citrusy note."},{"amount":30,"name":"Coca-Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coca-Cola adds sweetness, color, and effervescence, giving the cocktail its characteristic iced tea appearance and masking the alcohol."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Boozy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":8,"bubbles":true,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Smoked Pineapple Margarita",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smoked Pineapple Margarita","description":"The Smoked Pineapple Margarita offers a tropical twist on the classic Margarita. Smoking the pineapple adds depth and complexity, creating a balanced cocktail with sweet, smoky, and tangy notes. The cocktail is made by muddling smoked pineapple, combining it with tequila, lime juice, and agave nectar. Orange liqueur balances the smoky flavor. It's a delightful fusion that complements the traditional margarita profile. Agave nectar enhances sweetness.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Smoke pineapple chunks using a smoker or grill until lightly charred. 2. Muddle smoked pineapple chunks in a shaker. 3. Add tequila, fresh lime juice, orange liqueur and agave nectar. 4. Add ice and shake well until chilled. 5. Double strain into a salt-rimmed (optional) rocks glass filled with ice. 6. Garnish with a pineapple wedge.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge, salt rim (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Blanco Tequila","unit":"ml","rationale":"The tequila forms the base of the cocktail, providing a characteristic agave flavor and alcoholic backbone."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur adds sweetness and aromatic complexity, enhancing the citrus notes and balancing the smoky flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice provides the essential sourness and citrus balance, complementing the sweetness and smoky notes."},{"amount":50,"name":"Smoked Pineapple Chunks","unit":"grams","rationale":"Smoked pineapple adds a deep, smoky sweetness that is a signature element of the drink."},{"amount":15,"name":"Agave Nectar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Agave nectar sweetens the cocktail, complementing the tequila and enhancing the pineapple flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Incredible Hulk",{"cocktail":{"name":"Incredible Hulk","description":"$27","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a shaker with ice. Add Cognac, Vodka, Hypnotiq, and Green Chartreuse. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with a lime wedge.","garnish":"Lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a complex, fruity, and oaky base, contributing depth and warmth to the cocktail's profile."},{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a neutral alcoholic kick without overpowering the other flavors, allowing the liqueurs to shine."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Hypnotiq","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a tropical fruit flavor and distinctive blue color, which, when mixed with the green Chartreuse, creates the cocktail's signature green hue."},{"amount":15,"name":"Green Chartreuse","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds herbal complexity and a vibrant green color, enhancing the cocktail's aroma and visual appeal."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Jagertee",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jagertee","description":"$28","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a saucepan. Gently heat the mixture, without boiling, until it is steaming hot. Stir to ensure all ingredients are well combined. Ladle into a heat-resistant glass or mug. Garnish with an orange slice and/or a cinnamon stick.","garnish":"Orange slice and/or a cinnamon stick.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":20,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a molasses and caramel base note providing warmth and backbone, contributing to the overall alcoholic strength."},{"amount":20,"name":"Stroh Rum (80% ABV)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Amplifies the booziness and imparts intense spice and a distinctive high-proof kick, essential for the drink's robust character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Herbal Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a layer of herbal complexity, complementing the tea and spices, and contributing to the overall warming effect."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":100,"name":"Strong Black Tea","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the liquid base, contributing tannins and a subtle bitterness to balance the sweetness. Provides a warming element."},{"amount":50,"name":"Red Wine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds body, depth, and fruity notes to the cocktail, rounding out the flavor profile and providing additional warmth."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange, sliced","unit":"slice","rationale":"Imparts citrus notes and aromatic oils, enhancing the overall aroma and flavor complexity of the drink."},{"amount":1,"name":"Lemon, sliced","unit":"slice","rationale":"Introduces tartness and bright citrus notes, balancing the sweetness and adding to the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cinnamon Sticks","unit":"sticks","rationale":"Provides warm, spicy notes that complement the rum and other ingredients, enhancing the drink's overall coziness."},{"amount":2,"name":"Cloves","unit":"whole","rationale":"Adds intense aromatic spice and a slight bitterness, contributing to the drink's complexity and warming sensation."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Spicy","Herbal","Woody","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Flaming Volcano",{"cocktail":{"name":"Flaming Volcano","description":"$29","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Combine light rum, dark rum, brandy, pineapple juice, orange juice, lime juice, and orgeat syrup in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until chilled. 3. Strain into a volcano bowl or large serving dish. 4. Soak a sugar cube in high-proof rum (at least 75% ABV). 5. Place the sugar cube on a heat-resistant surface in the center of the bowl. 6. Carefully ignite the sugar cube using a long lighter or match. 7. Garnish with a pineapple wedge and cherry.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge, cherry, and a flaming sugar cube soaked in high-proof rum. Ensure sugar cube is placed on a heat-resistant surface within the bowl before ignition.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base and contributes a light, sweet flavor profile that complements the other tropical ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and richness with molasses notes, enhancing the overall complexity and booziness of the cocktail."},{"amount":30,"name":"Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a subtle fruity sweetness and aromatic spice notes that further enhance the drink's complexity and flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orgeat Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Imparts a nutty sweetness and creamy texture, adding depth and complexity to the cocktail's overall flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a foundational tropical sweetness and a characteristic fruity flavor that is essential to the tiki cocktail profile."},{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a citrusy brightness and complements the pineapple juice, balancing the sweetness with a touch of acidity."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a necessary tartness to balance the sweetness of the other juices and spirits, creating a more complex and refreshing flavor."},{"amount":1,"name":"Sugar Cube","unit":"pc","rationale":"Provides a platform for the flaming element, adding caramelized sugar notes as it burns and contributing to the drink's sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Sweet","Spicy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Tschunk",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tschunk","description":"$2a","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice cubes. Pour in the Stroh Rum 80. Top with Club-Mate. Gently stir to combine. Squeeze the lime wedge over the drink and place it on the rim for garnish.","garnish":"Lime wedge, for squeezing and placement on rim","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Stroh Rum 80","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and a characteristic spicy and slightly funky rum flavor."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":200,"name":"Club-Mate","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds carbonation, sweetness, and the distinctive earthy, herbal flavor that defines the drink."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Herbal","Earthy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Islay Mist",{"cocktail":{"name":"Islay Mist","description":"The Islay Mist cocktail is a simple and refreshing drink designed to highlight the unique character of Islay Mist blended Scotch whisky. Islay Mist itself is a blend that combines peaty Islay single malt with other Highland malts and grain whisky, creating a smoother and more approachable profile than many pure Islay whiskies. This cocktail typically features a mix of Scotch, lemon juice, and sugar or honey, creating a balance of smoky, sweet, and sour flavors. The Islay Mist is typically served over ice and garnished with a lemon twist. The precise origins of the Islay Mist cocktail are somewhat hazy, but it's likely a more modern creation designed to showcase the blended whisky of the same name. The cocktail is appreciated for its simplicity, making it easy to prepare at home, while still offering a complex and intriguing flavor profile.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Lemon twist; express oils over the drink and place on rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Blended Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the foundation of the cocktail, providing the smoky and peaty character, contributing depth and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":20,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity to balance the sweetness and smoky whisky, creating a refreshing and zesty element."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces sweetness to complement the sourness and whisky, creating a harmonious flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Citrus","Sweet","Woody","Earthy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Porchcrawler",{"cocktail":{"name":"Porchcrawler","description":"$2b","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish with a lemon wedge or wheel.","garnish":"Lemon wedge or wheel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a light body and subtle sweetness that complements the other ingredients."},{"amount":30,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds complexity with its botanical profile, providing a dry counterpoint to the rum and balancing the overall sweetness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes neutral alcohol content, increasing the drink's potency without significantly altering the flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness, adding a refreshing tartness that cuts through the richness of the spirits and syrup."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness to counterbalance the sourness of the lemon juice and to harmonize with the alcoholic components."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Quentão",{"cocktail":{"name":"Quentão","description":"$2c","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Slice the ginger into thin coins. Cut the orange and lime into quarters.\n2. In a large pot, combine the water, sugar, ginger, cinnamon sticks, and cloves.\n3. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved.\n4. Reduce the heat to low and add the orange and lime pieces. Simmer for about 15-20 minutes to allow the flavors to infuse.\n5. Stir in the Cachaça.\n6. Heat gently for another 5 minutes, being careful not to boil off the alcohol. (The mixture is supposed to be gently heated). \n7. Strain the mixture to remove the solids.\n8. Serve hot in mugs or heat-resistant glasses. Garnish as specified.","garnish":"Orange slices studded with cloves and cinnamon sticks.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":500,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the alcoholic backbone and characteristic flavor profile of Quentão, contributing to its warmth and distinctive Brazilian identity."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":200,"name":"Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Water acts as a solvent and diluent, helping to extract and blend the flavors of the spices and fruits while adjusting the overall strength of the drink."},{"amount":200,"name":"Granulated Sugar","unit":"g","rationale":"Sugar provides sweetness, balancing the spice and citrus elements, and also contributes to the drink's body and viscosity."},{"amount":50,"name":"Fresh Ginger","unit":"g","rationale":"Ginger adds a pungent and spicy warmth that is essential to Quentão's character, complementing the other spices and providing a subtle zing."},{"amount":3,"name":"Cinnamon Sticks","unit":"pc","rationale":"Cinnamon imparts a warm, sweet, and slightly woody aroma and flavor, creating a comforting and familiar spice note."},{"amount":6,"name":"Whole Cloves","unit":"pc","rationale":"Cloves provide a strong, aromatic, and slightly bitter spice element, adding depth and complexity to the flavor profile."},{"amount":1,"name":"Orange","unit":"pc","rationale":"Orange peel contributes a bright citrus aroma and flavor, balancing the sweetness and spices and adding a refreshing element."},{"amount":1,"name":"Lime","unit":"pc","rationale":"Lime juice provides acidity that balances sweetness, and its peel adds a refreshing citrus aroma, elevating the flavor profile and providing brightness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Fruity","Citrus","Woody","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Diki-Diki",{"cocktail":{"name":"Diki-Diki","description":"The Diki-Diki is a classic cocktail that highlights the balance between fruity brandy, tart grapefruit, and the subtle sweetness of Swedish punsch. Its origins are somewhat obscure, with no clear historical record pinpointing its creation. However, it likely emerged during the early to mid-20th century, a period of cocktail experimentation and the rise of fruit-forward drinks. The cocktail showcases the appeal of simple ingredients combined in a way that enhances each component. It's a testament to the era's ingenuity, where bartenders sought to create flavorful and refreshing drinks using available spirits and citrus. It is a relatively obscure classic. While it doesn't have a prominent place in cocktail history books, its reappearance in modern cocktail bars and online resources reflects a growing appreciation for forgotten recipes. Its refreshing flavor profile makes it well suited to be a summer drink. It can also pair well with light appetizers or served as a palate cleanser between courses.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or cocktail glass.","garnish":"Grapefruit twist, expressed over the drink","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple brandy forms the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, providing a fruity and slightly spicy base note."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Swedish Punsch","unit":"ml","rationale":"Swedish punsch adds a unique layer of sweetness, spice, and a subtle rum note, enhancing the overall complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Grapefruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grapefruit juice contributes a significant amount of acidity and a distinct citrusy bitterness that balances the sweetness of the other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Sweet","Tart"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","U-Boot",{"cocktail":{"name":"U-Boot","description":"$2d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Pour the light lager into a pint glass. Carefully drop the shot glass containing both rums into the beer, allowing it to sink to the bottom. Serve immediately and drink responsibly.","garnish":"None typically, though a lime wedge on the rim is sometimes added","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a robust base with molasses notes, adding depth and complexity."},{"amount":30,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a lighter, cleaner profile, balancing the heavier dark rum."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":250,"name":"Light Lager Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the bulk of the drink and provides a refreshing, effervescent backdrop."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Sweet","Yeasty","Spicy","Malty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":2,"sweetness":4}}}],["$","$Le","Slippery Nipple",{"cocktail":{"name":"Slippery Nipple","description":"The Slippery Nipple is a layered shot known for its sweet and creamy flavor. Its suggestive name and visual appeal contribute to its popularity, often enjoyed as a novelty shot or party drink. The drink's layered effect, with the grenadine settling at the bottom to resemble a bloody effect, adds to its playful presentation. Despite its simple ingredient list, achieving the proper layering technique is key to creating the distinct visual of the drink. It's a popular choice among those seeking a sweet and visually intriguing cocktail experience.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Carefully layer the ingredients in a shot glass. First, pour the grenadine into the bottom of the shot glass. Next, gently pour the sambuca on top of the grenadine, being careful not to mix the layers. Finally, slowly layer the Irish cream on top of the sambuca, creating a distinct creamy layer.","garnish":"None","allergens":["dairy"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Sambuca","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a strong anise flavor and a potent alcoholic base."},{"amount":20,"name":"Irish Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a creamy texture and sweet vanilla flavor, creating a layered effect on top of the Sambuca."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":5,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and a visually appealing \"bleeding\" effect at the bottom of the shot."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Sweet","Creamy","Vanilla","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":2,"sourness":1,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Hurricane",{"cocktail":{"name":"Hurricane","description":"$2e","historical_reference":"Reportedly invented at Pat O'Brien's bar in New Orleans in the 1940s to deal with a rum surplus. Exact original recipe is debated. [Source: various online cocktail history sites and bar reviews]","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a hurricane glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Orange slice and a maraschino cherry on a cocktail pick","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Light Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic base, contributing subtle sweetness and tropical notes."},{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and complexity with richer molasses and caramel flavors, increasing booziness."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a layer of orange flavor and complexity, complementing the other fruit juices."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Passion Fruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the distinctive tropical flavor, balancing the rum's sweetness with its tartness."},{"amount":30,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and citrus notes, complementing the passion fruit and rum."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity to balance the sweetness of the other ingredients, enhancing the overall flavor profile."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a hint of pomegranate flavor, contributing to the cocktail's visual appeal."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","White Russian",{"cocktail":{"name":"White Russian","description":"The White Russian is a creamy and decadent cocktail that evolved from the Black Russian (vodka and coffee liqueur) with the addition of cream. Its popularity surged after the release of the movie \"The Big Lebowski\" in 1998, where it became the signature drink of the character \"The Dude.\" The cocktail is simple to prepare and offers a rich, sweet, and coffee-flavored experience. Its smooth texture and moderate alcohol content make it a popular choice for casual sipping. The White Russian is often enjoyed as an after-dinner drink or a dessert cocktail. Its components are straightforward to source, contributing to its accessibility and widespread appeal. Variations exist, such as using flavored vodkas or different types of cream (e.g., half-and-half or milk) to alter the flavor profile. Some recipes call for a dusting of nutmeg or cocoa powder on top as an extra garnish. The drink's enduring popularity lies in its simplicity, comforting flavor, and the cultural association with the iconic film character.","historical_reference":"The Black Russian (without cream) is believed to have originated in 1949 at the Hotel Metropole in Brussels, Belgium, and was created by bartender Gustave Tops for U.S. Ambassador to Luxembourg Perle Mesta. The addition of cream to create the White Russian occurred later, but the exact origin and date are not definitively documented. Source not found.","technique":"Fill a rocks glass with ice. Add vodka and coffee liqueur. Gently pour heavy cream over the top. Stir lightly to combine, being careful not to overmix.","garnish":"None typically, but can be garnished with coffee beans or a light dusting of cocoa powder for visual appeal.","allergens":["Dairy"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral alcoholic base, allowing the flavors of the coffee liqueur and cream to shine."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Coffee Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coffee liqueur imparts a strong coffee flavor, sweetness, and contributes to the overall body of the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Heavy Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Heavy cream provides the rich, velvety texture and adds a layer of sweetness that balances the alcohol and coffee flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Coffee","Creamy","Sweet","Vanilla","Chocolate"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":1,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Blue Hawaiian",{"cocktail":{"name":"Blue Hawaiian","description":"$2f","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Add all ingredients to a blender with 1 cup of ice. Blend until smooth. Pour into a tall glass (such as a hurricane glass).","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the primary alcoholic base, offering a light, clean profile that allows the other flavors to shine without overpowering them."},{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka adds an additional layer of alcoholic strength while maintaining a neutral flavor profile, enhancing the overall booziness without significantly altering the taste."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Blue Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Blue curaçao adds a distinctive orange flavor and, more importantly, the vibrant blue color that defines the Blue Hawaiian."},{"amount":30,"name":"Cream of Coconut","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cream of coconut provides a rich, creamy texture and a pronounced coconut flavor, complementing the pineapple and contributing to the drink's overall sweetness."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes the dominant fruity sweetness and acidity, providing the essential tropical character of the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":4,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Lynchburg Lemonade",{"cocktail":{"name":"Lynchburg Lemonade","description":"$30","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Fill a highball glass with ice. 2. Add whiskey, triple sec, lemon juice, and simple syrup. 3. Top with lemon-lime soda. 4. Stir gently to combine. 5. Garnish with a lemon wedge.","garnish":"Lemon wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":40,"name":"Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and distinctive flavor, contributing oaky and caramel notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Triple Sec","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes additional citrus notes and enhances the sweetness, complementing the lemon juice."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the crucial sour element to balance the sweetness, adding a vibrant citrus flavor."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness and balances sourness, creating a smoother, more palatable drink."},{"amount":120,"name":"Lemon-Lime Soda","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides effervescence and adds a touch of sweetness, lightening the overall texture and flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Oatmeal Cookie",{"cocktail":{"name":"Oatmeal Cookie","description":"The Oatmeal Cookie cocktail is a dessert-inspired drink designed to mimic the flavors of the beloved baked treat. While its exact origin is difficult to pinpoint, dessert cocktails gained popularity in the late 20th and early 21st centuries as bartenders experimented with replicating familiar dessert profiles in liquid form. The Oatmeal Cookie cocktail, with its blend of Irish cream, coffee liqueur, and cinnamon schnapps, fits perfectly into this trend. It offers a sweet, comforting, and indulgent experience, often served as an after-dinner treat or a sweet indulgence. Its appeal lies in its ability to capture the essence of an oatmeal cookie in a single, sippable glass. Modern variations might include additions like butterscotch liqueur or a sprinkle of graham cracker crumbs for an enhanced flavor profile.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a dusting of cinnamon or graham cracker rim.","garnish":"Cinnamon powder dusting or optional graham cracker rim","allergens":["dairy"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral base that allows the other flavors to shine without adding significant character of its own."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Coffee Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a coffee flavor and sweetness, contributing to the complex flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Cinnamon Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a spicy cinnamon note, essential to the oatmeal cookie flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Irish Cream Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a creamy texture and sweet, slightly whisky-tinged flavor to mimic the creamy notes of an oatmeal cookie."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Sweet","Creamy","Vanilla","Nutty","Cinnamon","Coffee"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Smash",{"cocktail":{"name":"Smash","description":"The Smash is a versatile and refreshing cocktail that falls into the 'cobbler' family of drinks. It's essentially a julep variation that embraces seasonal fruits and herbs. Originating in the 19th century, the Smash was popularized by legendary bartenders like Jerry Thomas, who included a recipe in his seminal book, 'How to Mix Drinks' (1862). The beauty of the Smash lies in its adaptability; the base spirit can be customized, and the fresh ingredients vary according to what's available. Mint is a common element, but other herbs and fruits, like berries, peaches, and cucumbers, can also be incorporated. The drink is typically built in the glass, allowing the ingredients to meld together through muddling and dilution from ice. The final result is a vibrant, aromatic, and balanced beverage that is perfect for warm weather gatherings.","historical_reference":"Jerry Thomas, 'How to Mix Drinks' (1862) includes recipes resembling the modern smash, solidifying its 19th-century origins.","technique":"In a shaker tin, gently muddle the mint leaves and fresh fruit with the simple syrup. Add the bourbon and lemon juice. Fill the shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.","garnish":"Mint sprig and a fresh fruit slice (e.g., lemon wheel, berry, or peach slice depending on the fruit used in the drink). Gently slap the mint sprig to release its aroma before placing it on the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the base spirit, contributing oaky, vanilla, and caramel notes that form the foundation of the drink."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":8,"name":"Mint Leaves","unit":"leaves","rationale":"Adds a refreshing, herbaceous element to the cocktail, complementing the bourbon and citrus."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice and the bitterness of the bourbon."},{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity, which balances the sweetness and booziness, creating a more refreshing and palatable drink."},{"amount":50,"name":"Fresh Fruit (Berries or Peach)","unit":"g","rationale":"Contributes fresh fruit flavor and sweetness, complementing the base spirit and other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Citrus","Woody","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Piscola",{"cocktail":{"name":"Piscola","description":"The Piscola is a popular Chilean highball cocktail made by mixing pisco and cola. It's considered one of Chile's most ubiquitous and iconic drinks. Its origins are debated, but it's generally accepted that the Piscola gained popularity in the late 20th century, becoming a staple at parties, bars, and social gatherings. The combination of pisco, a grape-based brandy, and cola creates a sweet, refreshing, and easily drinkable beverage. The exact proportions of pisco to cola can vary based on personal preference, but a common ratio is 1:1 or 1:2. The Piscola is often served with ice and a slice of lemon or lime. While simple in its construction, the Piscola holds cultural significance in Chile, representing a national drink enjoyed by many. Variations exist, such as using different types of cola (e.g., diet cola) or adding other ingredients like bitters or fruit juices. The drink's accessibility and widespread appeal have contributed to its enduring popularity in Chile.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add pisco and cola. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a lemon or lime wedge, if desired.","garnish":"Lemon or lime wedge, optional.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pisco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pisco provides the alcoholic base and distinctive flavor profile of the cocktail, contributing to its overall booziness and defining character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cola adds sweetness, carbonation, and a recognizable flavor profile, complementing the pisco and providing the drink's characteristic color and fizziness."},{"amount":60,"name":"Ice","unit":"grams","rationale":"Ice chills the drink and dilutes it slightly. It improves the flavor and ensures it is a palatable refreshing beverage."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Vanilla","Citrus","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":3,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Mango Sour",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mango Sour","description":"$31","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If using egg white, dry shake all ingredients without ice for 15 seconds. 2. Add ice to the shaker. 3. Shake vigorously until well-chilled (approximately 15-20 seconds). 4. Double strain into a chilled coupe or sour glass. 5. Garnish with a mango slice or lime wedge.","garnish":"Mango slice or lime wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone and a clean canvas for the other flavors to shine without overpowering them."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Mango Puree","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary mango flavor, sweetness, and a slight thickness to the cocktail."},{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a crucial sour element to balance the sweetness of the mango and simple syrup, creating a well-rounded flavor profile."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adjusts the sweetness level, complementing the mango and lime."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White (Optional)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a creamy texture and frothy head. Can be omitted for a vegan version."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Hoppel poppel",{"cocktail":{"name":"Hoppel poppel","description":"$32","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"In a shaker (or saucepan), combine the egg, milk, sugar, genever and vanilla extract. Shake well, or whisk vigorously if preparing warm. If serving cold, add ice to shaker and shake until well-chilled. If serving hot, gently heat the mixture in a saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly, until warmed through but not boiling. Strain into a glass. Garnish with grated nutmeg or cinnamon.","garnish":"Grated nutmeg or cinnamon","allergens":["dairy","eggs"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Genever","unit":"ml","rationale":"Genever provides a malty base with subtle botanical notes which complements the dairy ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Egg","unit":"whole","rationale":"The egg provides richness, texture, and acts as an emulsifier, creating a smooth and creamy mouthfeel."},{"amount":60,"name":"Milk","unit":"ml","rationale":"Milk adds volume and contributes to the creamy texture, diluting the alcohol and enhancing the overall smoothness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Sugar","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sugar balances the alcohol and acidity, contributing to the overall sweetness and enhancing other flavors."},{"amount":2,"name":"Vanilla Extract","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Vanilla extract enhances perceived sweetness and adds a delicate aroma that complements other ingredients."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Vanilla","Nutty","Spicy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":1,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Moose Milk",{"cocktail":{"name":"Moose Milk","description":"$33","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a large mug or glass. Garnish with freshly grated nutmeg and a dusting of cocoa powder.","garnish":"Grated nutmeg and a dusting of cocoa powder","allergens":["Dairy"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic kick, offering a neutral base for the other flavors to build upon."},{"amount":30,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and complexity with molasses and caramel notes that complement the creamy texture."},{"amount":30,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces oak and vanilla nuances, enhancing the overall richness and warmth of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Chocolate Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Imparts a rich chocolate flavor, adding depth and complementing the creamy texture."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Whole Milk","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the creamy base of the cocktail, providing richness and a smooth texture."},{"amount":30,"name":"Half-and-Half","unit":"ml","rationale":"Enhances the creaminess, contributing to the overall luxurious mouthfeel."},{"amount":15,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Balances the spirits and adds sweetness, creating harmony among the ingredients."},{"amount":2,"name":"Vanilla Extract","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a warm and inviting vanilla note, complementing the other flavors and enhancing the overall aroma."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Vanilla","Nutty","Chocolate","Sweet","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":1,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Cooperstown",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cooperstown","description":"The Cooperstown cocktail is a celebration of apple flavors, showcasing the versatility of apple brandy. It balances the richness of the brandy with the sweetness of maple syrup and the tartness of lemon juice, creating a harmonious and refreshing drink. The inclusion of aromatic bitters adds depth and complexity, while a dash of absinthe provides a subtle anise note, enhancing the overall flavor profile. This cocktail is perfect as an aperitif or a dessert drink, offering a delightful taste of autumn in a glass. It’s named after Cooperstown, New York, likely referencing the region's apple orchards.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with an apple slice or lemon twist.","garnish":"Apple slice or lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple brandy provides the cocktail's base flavor and alcoholic backbone, contributing fruity notes and warmth."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice adds acidity to balance the sweetness, providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":7,"name":"Maple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maple syrup introduces a natural sweetness and adds depth of flavor."},{"amount":2,"name":"Aromatic Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Bitters provide complexity and balance, adding subtle spicy and herbal notes."},{"amount":1,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"dash","rationale":"Absinthe provides subtle anise notes."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":5,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Caju Amigo",{"cocktail":{"name":"Caju Amigo","description":"The Caju Amigo is a simple yet delightful Brazilian cocktail that showcases the unique flavors of Cachaça. It's a refreshing and easy-to-make drink perfect for warm weather. The combination of cachaça and cashew fruit (caju) creates a balanced sweet and slightly tart taste, making it a popular choice in Brazil and increasingly appreciated worldwide. The drink's simplicity highlights the quality of the ingredients, emphasizing the importance of using good cachaça and fresh cashew fruit. Its refreshing qualities make it an ideal choice for casual gatherings or as an aperitif. The name 'Caju Amigo' translates to 'Cashew Friend,' reflecting the harmonious blend of these two key components, celebrating Brazilian flavors in a single glass. Traditionally, it is prepared directly in the glass and stirred briefly, preserving the freshness and liveliness of the fruit. This cocktail encapsulates the spirit of Brazilian hospitality and the country's rich agricultural heritage.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine cachaça and cashew fruit juice in a glass with ice. Stir gently to combine. Garnish with a slice of cashew fruit. Best served fresh.","garnish":"Cashew slice on the rim of the glass or inside the drink.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the base spirit, offering a grassy and fruity profile that is characteristic of Brazilian sugarcane spirits."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cashew Fruit Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cashew fruit juice provides a distinct tropical sweetness and slight tartness, complementing the cachaça's profile and adding depth to the cocktail's flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Earthy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":3,"sourness":3,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Cuban Sunset",{"cocktail":{"name":"Cuban Sunset","description":"$34","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Fill a shaker with ice. 2. Add white rum, pineapple juice, and lime juice to the shaker. 3. Shake well until chilled. 4. Strain into a chilled glass (such as a hurricane glass or highball glass) filled with ice. 5. Gently pour grenadine down the side of the glass so that it settles at the bottom, creating a layered effect.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry on a cocktail pick.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the foundational alcoholic base, contributing a light, subtly sweet flavor profile characteristic of Caribbean cocktails."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a vibrant red color and a sweet pomegranate flavor, creating the sunset effect as it settles to the bottom of the glass."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a tropical sweetness and body, complementing the rum and enhancing the overall fruity character."},{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides acidity to balance the sweetness and adds a refreshing citrus note."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Citrus","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":5,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Whiskey and Coke",{"cocktail":{"name":"Whiskey and Coke","description":"$35","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add the whiskey. Top with cola. Gently stir to combine.","garnish":"Optional: Lemon or lime wedge. Express oils over the drink and drop in.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Whiskey provides the alcoholic base and main flavor profile, contributing notes of oak, caramel, and vanilla depending on the type used."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Cola","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cola provides sweetness, carbonation, and a complex flavor profile that complements the whiskey, adding notes of caramel, spice, and citrus."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Sweet","Vanilla","Caramel","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":2,"sourness":1,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Penicillin",{"cocktail":{"name":"Penicillin","description":"$36","historical_reference":"Created by Sam Ross at Milk & Honey in New York City, 2005. As told by Sam Ross directly.","technique":"Muddle ginger slices (if using fresh ginger), add blended Scotch, lemon juice, and honey-ginger syrup to a shaker. Add ice and shake well until chilled. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Float the Islay Scotch on top. Garnish with candied ginger and/or a lemon peel.","garnish":"Candied ginger and/or a lemon peel","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Blended Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone and malty flavor profile."},{"amount":7,"name":"Islay Single Malt Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a smoky and peaty element that complements the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity to balance the sweetness and provide a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Honey-Ginger Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides sweetness and spicy notes from the honey and ginger combination."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Spicy","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet","Earthy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Dark 'n' Stormy",{"cocktail":{"name":"Dark 'n' Stormy","description":"$37","historical_reference":"According to Gosling's Rum, the Dark 'n' Stormy was created shortly after World War I in Bermuda, where ginger beer was brewed at a ginger beer factory run by the British Royal Naval Officer's Club. (Source: goslingsrum.com)","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add dark rum. Top with ginger beer. Garnish with a lime wedge (optional).","garnish":"Lime wedge (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum provides the primary alcoholic base and rich flavor profile with molasses and caramel notes, forming the 'dark' element of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":120,"name":"Ginger Beer","unit":"ml","rationale":"Ginger beer introduces sweetness, spice, and carbonation, complementing the rum and creating a refreshing and effervescent highball."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Sweet","Herbal","Caramel"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":true,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Ward Eight",{"cocktail":{"name":"Ward Eight","description":"The Ward Eight is a pre-Prohibition cocktail that originated in Boston, Massachusetts. It was created in 1898 at the Locke-Ober Cafe to honor Martin Lomasney, a prominent political figure in Boston's Ward 8. The cocktail quickly gained popularity for its balanced sweet and sour flavors, with a vibrant blend of whiskey, citrus, and grenadine. It is often considered a variation on the Whiskey Sour or the Scofflaw, offering a slightly sweeter and fruitier experience. The Ward Eight is a classic example of early American mixology, showcasing how simple ingredients can be combined to create a memorable and enjoyable drink. The grenadine adds a distinctive red hue, enhancing the cocktail's visual appeal. It is typically served straight up in a coupe or martini glass, allowing the aromatic components to fully express themselves. Despite its age, the Ward Eight remains a beloved choice for those who appreciate a well-crafted, historical cocktail with a story.","historical_reference":"The Ward Eight cocktail was created in 1898 at the Locke-Ober Cafe in Boston, Massachusetts, to celebrate the election victory of Martin Lomasney in Ward 8.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Orange slice or a brandied cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the robust backbone and spicy character that defines the cocktail's profile."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a subtle pomegranate flavor, enhancing the overall balance."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a tart, citrusy edge that balances the sweetness and adds brightness."},{"amount":22,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a sweeter, citrus note, enhancing the overall fruitiness and complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Spicy","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Rusty Nail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Rusty Nail","description":"The Rusty Nail is a simple yet sophisticated cocktail that balances the robust flavors of Scotch whisky with the sweet herbal notes of Drambuie liqueur. Its origins are debated, but it gained popularity in the mid-20th century and has become a staple in classic cocktail culture. The drink is appreciated for its straightforward preparation and its ability to showcase the quality of the Scotch used. It's a stirred drink, typically served on the rocks, and is a favorite among those who enjoy a strong, spirit-forward cocktail with a touch of sweetness. The combination of Scotch and Drambuie creates a complex flavor profile that is both comforting and intriguing. The drink is easy to customize to your liking; some prefer more scotch, some prefer more drambuie.","historical_reference":"First mentioned in print in 1937, and popularized by the British Industries Fair in 1963. Source: Difford's Guide","technique":"Combine Scotch whisky and Drambuie in an old-fashioned glass filled with ice. Stir gently until well-chilled, about 15-20 seconds. Express the oils of a lemon peel over the drink and drop the peel into the glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink to release oils, then dropped into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Scotch Whisky","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the foundation of the cocktail, contributing smoky, peaty, and malty notes that define its character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":25,"name":"Drambuie","unit":"ml","rationale":"A honeyed Scotch whisky liqueur that introduces sweetness and herbal complexity, complementing and softening the Scotch's intensity."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Herbal","Sweet","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":1,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Jack Rose",{"cocktail":{"name":"Jack Rose","description":"$38","historical_reference":"David Wondrich, Imbibe! From Absinthe Cocktail to Whiskey Smash, a Salute in Stories and Drinks to 'Professor' Jerry Thomas, Pioneer of the American Bar (New York: Perigee, 2007), p. 248","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Apple slice or a lemon twist","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Apple Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Apple brandy, typically Calvados or Applejack, provides the foundational flavor, contributing fruity and slightly tart notes. It acts as the primary source of alcohol and character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Grenadine provides sweetness, a vibrant red color, and subtle pomegranate notes that enrich the overall flavor profile. It serves as the primary sweetening agent and contributes to the cocktail's characteristic hue."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice adds acidity, balancing the sweetness of the grenadine and complementing the apple brandy's fruitiness. It provides the necessary sour element for a balanced cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","My Fair Lady",{"cocktail":{"name":"My Fair Lady","description":"$39","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. If using egg white, dry shake all ingredients vigorously for 15 seconds to emulsify. 2. Add ice to the shaker. 3. Shake well until chilled (approximately 15-20 seconds). 4. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. 5. Garnish with a lemon twist or an edible flower.","garnish":"Lemon twist or edible flower (e.g., pansy)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary alcoholic backbone, offering a botanical complexity that complements the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Apricot Brandy","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces apricot notes, adding subtle sweetness and depth to the flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides essential acidity to balance the sweetness and integrate the flavors."},{"amount":15,"name":"Egg White (Optional)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a velvety texture and frothy head, contributing to the overall mouthfeel."},{"amount":7,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a touch of sweetness, color, and subtle fruity notes."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Floral","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Sidecar",{"cocktail":{"name":"Sidecar","description":"The Sidecar is a classic cocktail traditionally made with cognac, lemon juice, and orange liqueur. Its origins are debated, with stories linking it to both London and Paris around the time of World War I. One popular theory suggests it was named after a U.S. Army captain who was driven around in the sidecar of a motorcycle. The cocktail's recipe has varied over time, with some versions calling for equal parts of each ingredient, while others favor a higher proportion of cognac. A sugar rim is sometimes added, complementing the drink's balance of sweet and sour. The Sidecar is considered part of the 'sour' family of cocktails, related to the Margarita and Daiquiri. Its enduring appeal lies in its simple yet elegant composition, showcasing the quality of its ingredients and the skill of the bartender. A well-made Sidecar offers a harmonious blend of rich cognac, tart citrus, and the subtle sweetness of orange liqueur, making it a sophisticated and refreshing choice.","historical_reference":"The exact origin is debated, but the Sidecar is thought to have originated around World War I, either in London or Paris. David Embury's *The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks* (1948) features a recipe and discusses its popularity.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. If desired, rim the glass with sugar. Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker. Fill with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink, then use the peel as garnish on the rim.","garnish":"Orange peel twist, expressed over the drink and then placed on the rim of the glass. Alternatively, sugar rim.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac provides the base flavor, offering a complex blend of fruit, spice, and oak notes that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur contributes sweetness, adds complex citrus notes, and integrates the base spirit and the lemon juice to achieve balance and depth of flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":25,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the essential sourness that balances the sweetness of the liqueur and spirit, creating a vibrant and refreshing profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":6,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Four Score",{"cocktail":{"name":"Four Score","description":"The Four Score is a robust and complex cocktail that balances the boldness of bourbon with the sweetness of maple syrup, the bitterness of walnut liqueur, and the aromatic spice of black walnut bitters. It's designed to be a sophisticated and satisfying drink, perfect for those who appreciate the nuances of whiskey-based cocktails. The drink aims to create a layered experience, where the initial sweetness gives way to a nutty complexity and a lingering warmth. The name \"Four Score\" alludes to the combination of four key ingredients and implies a sense of classic American heritage, similar to the spirit it contains.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir well until chilled, about 20-30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe or rocks glass. Express the oil from an orange peel over the drink, then discard the peel. Garnish with a brandied cherry.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and discarded, plus a brandied cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Bourbon","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the foundation of the cocktail, offering notes of vanilla, caramel, and oak."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Nocino (Walnut Liqueur)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Nocino adds a distinctive nutty and slightly bitter flavor that enriches the cocktail's overall profile."},{"amount":2,"name":"Black Walnut Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Black walnut bitters bring in earthy and nutty notes, as well as balance the sweeter elements."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Maple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maple syrup introduces a natural sweetness and a subtle earthy flavor that complements the bourbon's characteristics."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Nutty","Woody","Vanilla","Caramel","Bitter","Spicy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Quick Fuck",{"cocktail":{"name":"Quick Fuck","description":"The Quick Fuck is a layered shot that combines coffee liqueur, Irish cream, and amaretto. The drink is designed for quick consumption and a sweet, creamy flavor profile. Its origin is not clearly documented, and it is often associated with bar settings as a novelty shot. The layered effect is intended to create a visually appealing presentation and a slightly varied flavor experience as the shot is consumed. Due to its high sugar content, it is most appreciated by those who prefer sweet drinks. The balance of flavors is straightforward, aiming for a combination of coffee, cream, and almond notes. Although not a complex or sophisticated cocktail, it is popular for its simplicity and ease of preparation. The name itself suggests a quick and potent experience, fitting its purpose as a swiftly consumed shot.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Carefully layer the ingredients in a shot glass in the following order: coffee liqueur, Irish cream, and then amaretto. Pour slowly over the back of a spoon to maintain distinct layers.","garnish":"None","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a neutral alcoholic base, allowing the other flavors to shine without overpowering the drink."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Coffee Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a rich coffee flavor and sweetness to the base."},{"amount":15,"name":"Irish Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a creamy texture and sweet, milky flavor with hints of vanilla and cocoa."},{"amount":15,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a distinct almond flavor, enhancing the overall sweetness and providing a nutty aroma."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Sweet","Creamy","Coffee","Nutty"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":1,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Bee's Knees",{"cocktail":{"name":"Bee's Knees","description":"The Bee's Knees is a classic Prohibition-era cocktail, created to mask the less-than-desirable taste of bathtub gin. The combination of gin, lemon juice, and honey creates a balanced and refreshing drink. The name 'Bee's Knees' was a popular slang term at the time, meaning 'the best.' The exact origin is debated, but it's often attributed to Frank Meier at the Ritz Bar in Paris or possibly to the American bartender Bill Boothby. The cocktail's simplicity and delicious flavor have ensured its continued popularity, making it a staple on cocktail menus worldwide. The Bee's Knees is a testament to the ingenuity of bartenders during Prohibition, who found creative ways to make palatable drinks with whatever ingredients were available. It's a drink that is both historically significant and incredibly enjoyable.","historical_reference":"The Joy of Mixology, Gary Regan (2003) mentions this cocktail as originating during the Prohibition era.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass.","garnish":"Lemon peel twist, expressed over the drink and then dropped in or discarded. Alternatively, a small edible flower can be used.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the cocktail's foundational flavor and alcoholic strength, with its botanical profile complementing the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Lemon juice provides the essential sour component, balancing the sweetness of the honey and contributing to the drink's refreshing character."},{"amount":22,"name":"Honey Syrup (3:1 Honey to Water)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Honey syrup sweetens the cocktail, adding a floral and complex sweetness that complements the gin and lemon."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Floral","Herbal","Sweet","Sour"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":7,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Japanese Slipper",{"cocktail":{"name":"Japanese Slipper","description":"$3a","historical_reference":"First created by Jean-Paul Bourguignon in 1984 at Mietta's Restaurant in Melbourne, Australia. Source: Difford's Guide.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add Midori, Cointreau, and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"A maraschino cherry, placed on a cocktail pick or directly into the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":30,"name":"Midori Melon Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Midori provides the primary flavor profile, offering a vibrant melon sweetness and distinctive green color."},{"amount":30,"name":"Cointreau","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cointreau contributes a citrusy orange note and adds complexity and body to the cocktail."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and add a refreshing tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":5,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Redheaded Slut",{"cocktail":{"name":"Redheaded Slut","description":"The Redheaded Slut is a layered shot known for its sweet and slightly herbal flavor profile and vibrant color. Its playful name and ease of preparation have contributed to its popularity, especially in social settings. While the exact origins are difficult to pinpoint, it's generally agreed that the shot gained traction in the late 20th or early 21st century, likely emerging from bar culture where creative mixology and novelty drinks thrive. The combination of ingredients creates a balance between sweetness from the peach schnapps and cranberry juice, and a contrasting herbal bitterness and spice from the Jägermeister. It's often served as a celebratory shot due to its bright color and appealing taste, offering an experience that is both fun and flavorful. The layered effect adds to its visual appeal, making it a popular choice for those seeking a visually impressive and palatable shot. Because of the shot's relative novelty, solid historical sources are sparse.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Carefully layer the ingredients in a shot glass in the following order: Peach Schnapps, Jägermeister, then Cranberry Juice. The layering effect is achieved by gently pouring each liquid over the back of a spoon to minimize mixing.","garnish":"None typically, but occasionally a cherry can be added.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":15,"name":"Jägermeister","unit":"ml","rationale":"Jägermeister provides a complex herbal and slightly bitter base note, contributing to the drink's overall depth and distinctive character."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Peach Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"Peach schnapps contributes a pronounced sweet and fruity element, complementing the herbal notes of Jägermeister and softening the overall profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Cranberry Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cranberry juice introduces a tart and slightly acidic counterpoint to the sweetness of the other components, adding complexity and balance."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":4,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Piña Colada",{"cocktail":{"name":"Piña Colada","description":"The Piña Colada is a sweet, rum-based cocktail made with rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice, usually served either blended or shaken with ice. The cocktail's origins are hotly debated, with competing claims from bartenders in Puerto Rico in the mid-20th century. The Caribe Hilton Hotel in San Juan claims that Ramón 'Monchito' Marrero Pérez, a bartender, created it in 1954. However, the Barrachina restaurant also claims its creation by Ramón Portas Mingot in 1963. Regardless of its true origin, the Piña Colada gained widespread popularity, becoming a symbol of tropical relaxation and vacation. It was officially declared the national drink of Puerto Rico in 1978. The drink's appeal lies in its creamy texture, tropical flavors, and relatively simple preparation, making it a staple at bars and resorts worldwide. Variations of the classic recipe exist, including the Lava Flow (with strawberry puree) and the Chi-Chi (with vodka instead of rum).","historical_reference":"Officially declared the national drink of Puerto Rico in 1978.","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a blender with 1.5 cups of ice. Blend until smooth. Pour into a chilled glass. Garnish.","garnish":"Pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic backbone and a light sweetness that complements the other ingredients without overpowering them."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":90,"name":"Coconut Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Coconut cream provides a rich, creamy texture and distinct coconut flavor, essential for the drink's characteristic profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice contributes a vibrant tropical flavor and acidity, balancing the sweetness of the coconut cream."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Creamy","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":3,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Barracuda",{"cocktail":{"name":"Barracuda","description":"$3b","historical_reference":"Created by Valentino Bolognese for a Galliano competition around 2010.","technique":"Combine rum, pineapple juice, lime juice, and Galliano in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled champagne flute or coupe glass. Top with Prosecco. Garnish with a lime or pineapple wedge.","garnish":"Lime wedge or Pineapple wedge","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gold Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gold rum provides the primary alcoholic backbone and a rich, slightly sweet base, contributing to the overall depth of flavor."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Galliano","unit":"ml","rationale":"Galliano contributes a distinctive vanilla and anise flavor, adding depth and complexity to the overall profile."},{"amount":60,"name":"Prosecco","unit":"ml","rationale":"Prosecco adds effervescence and a dry finish, lifting the drink and providing a festive touch."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Pineapple juice introduces tropical sweetness and a complementary acidity, balancing the rum and Galliano."},{"amount":7,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice adds essential tartness, brightening the cocktail and providing a citrusy counterpoint to the sweetness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus","Vanilla","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Kir Royale",{"cocktail":{"name":"Kir Royale","description":"$3c","historical_reference":"While a precise historical citation is elusive, the Kir Royale's origin is reliably traced to Félix Kir's efforts in post-WWII Dijon, France. (Approx. 1950s)","technique":"Pour the crème de cassis into a chilled champagne flute. Gently top with chilled Champagne. Stir lightly to combine. Garnish, if desired.","garnish":"Optional: A few fresh raspberries or a blackberry.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Crème de Cassis","unit":"ml","rationale":"Crème de Cassis adds a rich, dark fruit sweetness to the cocktail and gives it a beautiful ruby red hue. It contains approximately 15-20% ABV, contributing a minimal alcoholic backbone."}],"ingredients":[],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Floral","Sweet","Berry"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":3,"bubbles":true,"complexity":4,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Fuzzy Navel",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fuzzy Navel","description":"$3d","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Fill a highball glass with ice. Add peach schnapps. Top with orange juice. Stir gently. Garnish as desired.","garnish":"Orange slice or cherry (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[],"liqueurs":[{"amount":45,"name":"Peach Schnapps","unit":"ml","rationale":"This provides the dominant peach flavor and the alcoholic component, contributing to the cocktail's sweetness and aroma."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":90,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the citrusy and refreshing element, balancing the sweetness of the peach schnapps and adding volume to the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":2,"bubbles":false,"complexity":2,"sourness":3,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","La Louisiane",{"cocktail":{"name":"La Louisiane","description":"$3e","historical_reference":"Stanley Clisby Arthur, *Famous New Orleans Drinks and How to Mix 'Em* (1937)","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Rinse the chilled glass with absinthe, discarding any excess. In a mixing glass, combine rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, Bénédictine, and Peychaud's Bitters. Add ice and stir until well-chilled. Strain into the prepared glass. Garnish with a Luxardo cherry.","garnish":"Luxardo cherry","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Rye Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rye whiskey provides a spicy and robust base, contributing warmth and complexity."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":15,"name":"Bénédictine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bénédictine contributes herbal, honeyed, and slightly spicy notes, adding depth and richness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Sweet Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweet vermouth provides sweetness, body, and additional herbal complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Absinthe provides a prominent anise aroma and flavor."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Peychaud's Bitters","unit":"dash","rationale":"Peychaud's Bitters adds a floral and slightly sweet bitterness, enhancing the overall complexity."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Herbal","Spicy","Bitter","Sweet","Woody","Anise"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":8,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Spicy Fifty",{"cocktail":{"name":"Spicy Fifty","description":"The Spicy Fifty is a modern classic cocktail created by Salvatore Calabrese at The Lanesborough Hotel in London. It's a sophisticated blend of vodka, elderflower liqueur, lime juice, and a touch of chili pepper. The drink is known for its balance of sweet, sour, spicy, and floral notes. The Spicy Fifty is a relatively recent creation, gaining popularity in the early 2000s. Its unique flavor profile quickly made it a favorite among cocktail enthusiasts. Calabrese's innovative use of chili pepper in conjunction with the floral elderflower liqueur set it apart from other vodka-based cocktails. The name 'Spicy Fifty' is derived from the original price of the cocktail at the Lanesborough Hotel, reflecting its high-end status. Despite its simplicity, the cocktail offers a complex and intriguing taste experience, making it a testament to Calabrese's skill as a mixologist. It is often served in a coupe or martini glass and garnished with a red chili slice to emphasize its spicy character.","historical_reference":"Widely attributed to Salvatore Calabrese at The Lanesborough Hotel, London, early 2000s. No exact written source found, but frequently referenced in cocktail guides and online articles detailing Calabrese's creations.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until thoroughly chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass. Garnish with a thin slice of red chili pepper on the rim.","garnish":"Thin slice of red chili pepper, placed delicately on the rim of the glass.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail and a neutral canvas for the other flavors."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":20,"name":"Elderflower Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a floral sweetness and aromatic complexity."},{"amount":2,"name":"Simple Syrup infused with Red Chili","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds controlled sweetness and distinct chili heat, creating the signature 'spicy' element."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds acidity to balance the sweetness and complement the other flavors."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Spicy","Floral","Citrus","Sweet","Fruity"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Aviation",{"cocktail":{"name":"Aviation","description":"$3f","historical_reference":"Hugo Ensslin's 'Recipes for Mixed Drinks' (1916) details the original Aviation recipe.","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Brandied cherry or lemon twist, depending on preference. Ensure the cherry is high-quality and the lemon twist is expressed to release its oils.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"The gin provides the primary alcoholic backbone and botanical foundation of the cocktail, contributing juniper, citrus, and other herbal notes."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Maraschino liqueur contributes a subtle almond and cherry flavor, adding a layer of sweetness and complexity to the cocktail."},{"amount":7,"name":"Crème de Violette","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Crème de Violette imparts a distinct floral aroma and violet flavor, giving the Aviation its characteristic color and unique flavor profile."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Fresh Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"The lemon juice provides the necessary acidity to balance the sweetness of the liqueurs and brighten the overall flavor profile, creating a refreshing tartness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Floral","Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":6,"sweetness":3}}}],["$","$Le","John Collins",{"cocktail":{"name":"John Collins","description":"The John Collins is a classic gin-based cocktail that dates back to the 19th century. Its exact origins are somewhat debated, but one popular story attributes it to a waiter named John Collins, who worked at Limmer's Old House in London. Originally, the cocktail was made with Old Tom Gin, a slightly sweeter style of gin. Over time, London Dry Gin became the more common choice. The John Collins is essentially a gin sour lengthened with carbonated water, making it a refreshing and effervescent drink, perfect for warm weather. It belongs to the Collins family of cocktails, which are distinguished by their use of a base spirit, lemon juice, sugar, and carbonated water, served in a tall glass over ice. Variations exist using other base spirits, resulting in drinks like the Tom Collins (gin), the Vodka Collins (vodka), and the Rum Collins (rum). The drink gained significant popularity during the late 19th and early 20th centuries and continues to be a beloved classic in bars around the world.","historical_reference":"Harry Johnson's Bartenders' Manual (1882) details a recipe for John Collins, indicating its prominence in the late 19th century. David Wondrich, 'Imbibe!' (2015) provides details on origins.","technique":"1. Chill a Collins glass.\n2. Add gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup to a shaker with ice.\n3. Shake well until well-chilled.\n4. Strain into the chilled Collins glass filled with ice.\n5. Top with carbonated water.\n6. Gently stir to combine.\n7. Garnish with a lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry.","garnish":"Lemon wheel and a maraschino cherry. The lemon wheel provides an aromatic citrus element, while the maraschino cherry adds a touch of sweetness and visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Gin provides the foundational spirituous backbone, contributing complex botanical flavors that define the cocktail's character."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Lemon Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lemon juice contributes essential acidity, balancing the sweetness and providing a refreshing tartness."},{"amount":20,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to balance the sourness of the lemon juice, creating a harmonious flavor profile."},{"amount":80,"name":"Carbonated Water","unit":"ml","rationale":"Carbonated water adds effervescence and dilutes the drink, making it lighter and more refreshing."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Herbal","Fruity","Sweet","Sour","Refreshing"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":4,"bubbles":true,"complexity":6,"sourness":6,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Mary Pickford",{"cocktail":{"name":"Mary Pickford","description":"$40","historical_reference":"Credited to Eddie Woelke at the Hotel Nacional de Cuba in the 1920s (though difficult to verify definitively).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Double strain into the chilled glass.","garnish":"Maraschino cherry, preferably Luxardo or similar quality.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"The white rum provides the alcoholic base, lending subtle sweetness and a clean profile that allows the other flavors to shine."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":5,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"The Maraschino liqueur adds a subtle almond and cherry complexity, contributing to the cocktail's depth and aroma."},{"amount":5,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"The grenadine provides sweetness and a delicate floral note, enhancing the visual appeal and overall balance of the drink."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":45,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"The pineapple juice provides a crucial tropical sweetness and acidity, forming the foundation of the cocktail's flavor profile."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Tropical","Sweet","Citrus"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":6,"sourness":4,"sweetness":7}}}],["$","$Le","Campfire Cocktail",{"cocktail":{"name":"Campfire Cocktail","description":"The Campfire Cocktail aims to evoke the warmth and smoky flavors reminiscent of a campfire experience. It balances the sweetness of maple syrup with the robust character of bourbon and a subtle hint of smokiness, creating a complex and inviting drink. The addition of chocolate bitters further enhances the depth and complexity, while the toasted marshmallow garnish completes the campfire ambiance. Its a drink designed for cozy evenings and shared stories.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Chill a rocks glass. 2. Add bourbon, smoked liquor, maple syrup, and chocolate bitters to a mixing glass. 3. Add ice to the mixing glass. 4. Stir until well-chilled (approx. 20 seconds). 5. Strain into the chilled rocks glass filled with one large ice cube. 6. Toast a marshmallow and place it on a skewer. 7. Garnish with the toasted marshmallow.","garnish":"Toasted Marshmallow, skewered","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Bourbon Whiskey","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bourbon provides the foundational spirituous backbone and oaky vanilla notes, essential for a balanced and rich cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":10,"name":"Smoked Liquor","unit":"ml","rationale":"The smoked liquor introduces a subtle smoky aroma and flavor that is key to creating the 'campfire' experience in the cocktail."},{"amount":2,"name":"Chocolate Bitters","unit":"dashes","rationale":"Chocolate bitters adds depth and complexity, enhancing the overall flavor profile with a hint of chocolate that complements both the bourbon and maple."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Maple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Maple syrup provides a natural sweetness and characteristic maple flavor, complementing the bourbon and enhancing the campfire theme."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Smoky","Vanilla","Maple","Chocolate","Woody","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":8,"sourness":2,"sweetness":6}}}],["$","$Le","Zombie",{"cocktail":{"name":"Zombie","description":"The Zombie is a potent cocktail combining various rums, liqueurs, and fruit juices, known for its high alcohol content and complex flavor profile. Its creation is attributed to Don the Beachcomber in 1934, at his Hollywood restaurant. The drink was named for the effect it had on its consumers, supposedly turning them into the walking dead. The original recipe was a closely guarded secret, with variations appearing over time as bartenders attempted to recreate the drink. The Zombie gained popularity in the mid-20th century with the rise of tiki culture, becoming a staple of tropical-themed bars and restaurants. Its potent nature and exotic ingredients make it a memorable and somewhat dangerous cocktail, demanding respect and careful consumption. Modern versions often tone down the original's intensity while maintaining its signature blend of sweet, sour, and boozy flavors. It remains a symbol of tiki culture's playful and adventurous spirit.","historical_reference":"Beachbum Berry's 'Remixed' (2010) features a detailed history and several variations of the Zombie cocktail, tracing its lineage back to Don the Beachcomber's original recipe in 1934.","technique":"1. Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. 2. Shake well until chilled. 3. Strain into a zombie glass filled with ice cubes. 4. Garnish with a mint sprig, cherry, and orange slice.","garnish":"Mint sprig, cherry, orange slice","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a light and sweet base, contributing to the cocktail's tropical profile."},{"amount":45,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds depth and complexity with its molasses and caramel notes, essential for the Zombie's character."},{"amount":30,"name":"Gold Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Bridges the gap between white and dark rum, offering a balanced flavor and color."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Maraschino Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a subtle cherry and almond note."},{"amount":2,"name":"Absinthe","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a hint of anise flavor and aroma, adding complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":15,"name":"Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Acidity balances the sweetness and booziness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Falernum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a sweet, spiced background with notes of almond, ginger, and lime."},{"amount":10,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds sweetness, color, and a fruity note of pomegranate."},{"amount":60,"name":"Pineapple Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides the primary tropical fruit flavor."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Tropical","Fruity","Sweet","Spicy","Herbal"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":9,"bubbles":false,"complexity":9,"sourness":6,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Leite de Onça",{"cocktail":{"name":"Leite de Onça","description":"$41","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients (cachaça, sweetened condensed milk, heavy cream, egg yolk, and chocolate powder) in a shaker with ice. Shake vigorously until well-chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. Garnish with grated chocolate or chocolate powder.","garnish":"Grated chocolate and/or chocolate powder sprinkled on top.","allergens":["Dairy","Eggs"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":50,"name":"Cachaça","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cachaça provides the strong alcoholic base and distinctive Brazilian flavor profile, characteristic of the cocktail."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":50,"name":"Sweetened Condensed Milk","unit":"ml","rationale":"Sweetened condensed milk provides a substantial portion of the cocktail's sweetness and contributes to its creamy texture."},{"amount":25,"name":"Heavy Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Heavy cream enhances the richness and smoothness of the cocktail, creating a luxurious mouthfeel."},{"amount":1,"name":"Egg Yolk","unit":"pc","rationale":"Egg yolk adds further creaminess and a subtle richness, binding the ingredients together."},{"amount":1,"name":"Chocolate Powder","unit":"tsp","rationale":"Chocolate powder introduces a delicate chocolate flavor that complements the sweetness and adds a touch of bitterness."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Sweet","Creamy","Chocolate","Tropical","Boozy"],"flavor_profile":{"body":9,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":1,"sweetness":9}}}],["$","$Le","Alabama Slammer",{"cocktail":{"name":"Alabama Slammer","description":"$42","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a tall glass filled with ice. Garnish as desired.","garnish":"Orange slice or cherry, or both. Can also use a sprig of mint for a visual appeal.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Adds a nutty sweetness that forms the base flavor profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Southern Comfort","unit":"ml","rationale":"Contributes a complex blend of fruit and spice notes, enhancing the overall flavor."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":22,"name":"Sloe Gin","unit":"ml","rationale":"Introduces a tart, berry-like flavor and a subtle dryness that balances the sweetness of the other components."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":22,"name":"Orange Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a citrusy sweetness that complements the other ingredients, while adding volume to the cocktail."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Nutty","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":6,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":3,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Fluffy Critter",{"cocktail":{"name":"Fluffy Critter","description":"The Fluffy Critter is a playful and whimsical cocktail designed to evoke a sense of childhood nostalgia while offering a balanced and sophisticated flavor profile. Its creamy texture, derived from the milk and cream, is reminiscent of a milkshake, while the addition of vanilla extract enhances the sweetness and provides a comforting aroma. The small amount of orange liqueur adds a subtle citrus note that balances the richness and prevents the drink from being overly heavy. Shaking with ice ensures the cocktail is well-chilled and properly diluted, creating a smooth and refreshing experience. This cocktail is perfect for those who enjoy creamy, sweet drinks with a hint of citrus and a gentle boozy kick. It's an ideal dessert cocktail or a fun, lighthearted option for a casual gathering. The name \"Fluffy Critter\" aims to capture the drink's light, airy texture and inviting, cuddly character.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled. Strain into a chilled coupe or martini glass. Garnish with whipped cream and a sprinkle of chocolate shavings.","garnish":"Whipped cream and a sprinkle of chocolate shavings","allergens":["dairy"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"Vodka","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vodka provides a neutral alcoholic base, allowing the other flavors to shine without adding significant character of its own."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":10,"name":"Orange Liqueur","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange liqueur introduces a subtle citrus note, balancing the drink's richness and preventing it from becoming overly sweet."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Milk","unit":"ml","rationale":"Milk contributes to the creamy texture and provides a base for the other flavors to blend seamlessly."},{"amount":15,"name":"Heavy Cream","unit":"ml","rationale":"Heavy cream adds richness and enhances the velvety mouthfeel of the cocktail."},{"amount":5,"name":"Vanilla Extract","unit":"ml","rationale":"Vanilla extract enhances sweetness and provides a comforting aroma."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Vanilla","Citrus","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":7,"booziness":3,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":2,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Daiquiri",{"cocktail":{"name":"Daiquiri","description":"$43","historical_reference":"Jennings Cox, an American mining engineer, is often credited with creating the Daiquiri in Cuba around 1902. The cocktail is named after the Daiquiri mines near Santiago de Cuba.","technique":"1. Chill a coupe or cocktail glass.\n2. Add the white rum, fresh lime juice, and simple syrup to a cocktail shaker.\n3. Fill the shaker with ice.\n4. Shake well until the shaker is well-chilled, about 15-20 seconds.\n5. Double strain into the chilled glass.\n6. Garnish with a lime wheel or lime wedge (optional).","garnish":"Lime wheel or lime wedge (optional)","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":60,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"White rum provides the alcoholic backbone of the cocktail, offering a clean and subtly sweet base for the other ingredients to build upon."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":30,"name":"Fresh Lime Juice","unit":"ml","rationale":"Fresh lime juice delivers the essential sour component, providing acidity that balances the sweetness and complements the rum's flavor profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"Simple Syrup","unit":"ml","rationale":"Simple syrup adds sweetness to the cocktail, balancing the acidity of the lime juice and creating a harmonious blend with the rum."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Citrus","Fruity","Tropical","Sour","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":3,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":4,"sourness":7,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","El Presidente",{"cocktail":{"name":"El Presidente","description":"$44","historical_reference":"Charles H. Baker, Jr., The Gentleman's Companion (1939), mentions the El Presidente in relation to Havana bars, solidifying its Cuban origin and pre-revolution existence. While a direct recipe source might be challenging to pinpoint, references appear as early as the 1920s, with varying proportions, in articles discussing Cuban cocktails served to Americans. Difford's Guide provides an excellent summary of its history and recipe variations (accessed Oct 26, 2023).","technique":"Chill a coupe or martini glass. Add all ingredients to a mixing glass filled with ice. Stir until well-chilled (approximately 20-30 seconds). Strain into the chilled glass. Express the oils from an orange peel over the drink and place the peel in the glass.","garnish":"Orange peel, expressed and placed in the glass","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":45,"name":"White Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Rum forms the spirituous backbone, providing a complex array of flavors from molasses, influenced by aging, and carries the other ingredients."}],"liqueurs":[{"amount":7,"name":"Orange Curaçao","unit":"ml","rationale":"Orange Curaçao introduces complex citrus notes that complement the rum and vermouth, adding depth and subtle bitterness."},{"amount":15,"name":"Dry Vermouth","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dry Vermouth adds a herbal and slightly bitter component, balancing the sweetness of the rum and grenadine while adding aromatic complexity."}],"ingredients":[{"amount":1,"name":"Grenadine","unit":"dash","rationale":"Grenadine adds a touch of sweetness, vibrant color, and a subtle fruity note that balances the dryness of the vermouth and brings the cocktail together."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Fruity","Citrus","Herbal","Sweet"],"flavor_profile":{"body":5,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":3,"sweetness":5}}}],["$","$Le","Flaming Doctor Pepper",{"cocktail":{"name":"Flaming Doctor Pepper","description":"The Flaming Doctor Pepper is a novelty cocktail known for its theatrical presentation. While it doesn't actually contain Dr. Pepper soda in its construction, its flavor profile aims to mimic the popular soft drink through a combination of amaretto and high-proof rum. The drink is ignited, creating a visually striking effect before being extinguished and consumed. Due to the use of flammable liquids and fire, this cocktail should only be prepared and consumed by experienced individuals in a controlled setting, taking all necessary safety precautions. The drink became popular in some bars and pubs, often as a showy, ordered dare. Its creation and popularization are more a product of bar culture and the pursuit of unusual drink experiences rather than a carefully crafted historical recipe. The high-proof rum provides the fuel for the flame, while the amaretto offers the base flavor, the entire drink must be done with extreme caution and with knowledge of dealing with open flame near flammable liquid.","historical_reference":"Source not found","technique":"1. Pour the beer into a heat-resistant glass, leaving about an inch of space at the top. 2. In a separate heat-resistant shot glass, carefully layer the amaretto. 3. Float the high-proof rum on top of the amaretto in the shot glass. 4. Carefully ignite the rum in the shot glass using a long lighter or match. 5. Allow the flame to burn for a few seconds (no more than 5-10 seconds). 6. Extinguish the flame by dropping the shot glass into the beer-filled glass, be careful to use a bar spoon to avoid splashing. 7. Consume immediately and responsibly.","garnish":"None recommended due to the nature of the drink. Safety is the priority.","allergens":["None"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":22,"name":"Amaretto","unit":"ml","rationale":"Provides a nutty almond flavor base reminiscent of Dr. Pepper's core profile."},{"amount":22,"name":"High-Proof Rum (151 proof or higher)","unit":"ml","rationale":"The high alcohol content of the rum is essential for achieving a sustained and visually impressive flame."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":150,"name":"Beer (Light Lager)","unit":"ml","rationale":"Forms the bulk of the drink and contributes a subtle maltiness, diluting the strong flavors and providing a familiar beer-like quality."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Nutty","Sweet","Warm","Almond"],"flavor_profile":{"body":4,"booziness":7,"bubbles":false,"complexity":5,"sourness":1,"sweetness":8}}}],["$","$Le","Tom and Jerry",{"cocktail":{"name":"Tom and Jerry","description":"$45","historical_reference":"$46","technique":"1. Separate the egg white and yolk. 2. Whisk the egg white until stiff peaks form. Gradually add half of the sugar while whisking. Set aside. 3. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg yolk with the remaining sugar until light and creamy. Add the cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves to the yolk mixture and combine. 4. Gently fold the egg white mixture into the yolk mixture until just combined. Be careful not to overmix. 5. In a preheated mug, combine the dark rum and cognac. 6. Add 2-3 tablespoons of the batter to the mug. 7. Top with hot milk, stirring gently to combine. 8. Grate fresh nutmeg on top for garnish.","garnish":"Freshly grated nutmeg on top","allergens":["egg","dairy"],"baseSpirits":[{"amount":30,"name":"Dark Rum","unit":"ml","rationale":"Dark rum contributes a rich molasses flavor and a warming alcoholic base, complementing the spice notes."},{"amount":15,"name":"Cognac","unit":"ml","rationale":"Cognac adds a subtle fruitiness and complex oak notes, enhancing the overall flavor profile."}],"liqueurs":[],"ingredients":[{"amount":2,"name":"Egg","unit":"whole","rationale":"Egg provides richness, body, and emulsifies the batter, creating a smooth, creamy texture."},{"amount":20,"name":"Sugar","unit":"g","rationale":"Sugar adds sweetness and balances the spices, creating a palatable and enjoyable drink."},{"amount":0,"name":"Ground Cinnamon","unit":"pinch","rationale":"Cinnamon introduces a warm, spicy note that complements the other spices and enhances the drink's overall aroma."},{"amount":0,"name":"Ground Nutmeg","unit":"pinch","rationale":"Nutmeg provides a warm, slightly nutty, and aromatic element, adding depth and complexity to the spice profile."},{"amount":0,"name":"Ground Cloves","unit":"pinch","rationale":"Cloves contribute a pungent, warm, and slightly sweet flavor, balancing the sweetness and adding complexity."},{"amount":120,"name":"Hot Milk","unit":"ml","rationale":"Hot milk adds warmth, creaminess, and dilutes the alcohol, creating a smooth, comforting texture and palatable strength."}],"flavor_descriptors":["Creamy","Spicy","Sweet","Vanilla","Nutty","Woody"],"flavor_profile":{"body":8,"booziness":5,"bubbles":false,"complexity":7,"sourness":2,"sweetness":7}}}]]}]]}]}]
c:[["$","meta","0",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1"}]]
a:[["$","meta","0",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","title","1",{"children":"調理農務指南 | Cocktail Compass"}],["$","meta","2",{"name":"description","content":"Find the perfect cocktail for you"}],["$","link","3",{"rel":"icon","href":"/cocktail-compass-app/favicon.ico","type":"image/x-icon","sizes":"16x16"}]]
8:null
